APPLICATIONS/APP_Abbe_Setup/Readme.md, before:

# Abbe Diffraction Experiment
This is the repository for the Abbe Diffraction Experiment. It has two cameras where one captures the Fourier plane and the other acquires the image plane.

<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/Application_Abbe-Experiment_v2.png" width="500">
</p>

## Setup
This is based on old cubes, but the order is the same. All lenses have 50mm focal length.
<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/Abbe_Experiment_3.jpg.png" width="500">
</p>

## Devices' features:

* Capture Fourier Plane
* Capture Image Plane
* Low-cost acquisition
* Open-Source
* Compatible with Educational purposes


## <img src="./IMAGES/P.png" width="40">3D printing

Having two cameras is optional since one camera can be moved between two planes!

### <img src="./IMAGES/D.png" width="40"><img src="./IMAGES/P.png" width="40">Parts to printing

|  Name | Properties  |  Price | Link  | # |
|---|---|---|---|---|
|  2x4 Baseplate | - | 5€  | [Base-plate](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_Baseplate_v2/)  | 1|
|  4x4 Baseplate | - | 5€  | [Base-plate](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_Baseplate_v2/)  | 1|
|  Module: Raspberry Pi Camera | -  | 20 €  | [Raspi Camera Cube](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_RaspiCam_v2)  | 2|
|  Module: LED + Pinhole  | white light LED, 1mm pinhole | 10€  | [LED + Pinhole Cube](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_LED_v2)  | 1|
|  Module: Lens | all 50mm lenses | 10€  | [Lens Cube](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Lens_v2)  | 4 |
|  Module: Beamsplitter | - | 30€  | [Beamsplitter Cube](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Beamsplitter_v2)  | 1 |
|  Module: Sample holder | - | 30€  | [Sampleholder Cube](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Sample_Holder_v2)  | 1 |

### <img src="./IMAGES/B.png" width="40">Additional components
* Check out the [RESOURCES](../../TUTORIALS/RESOURCES) for more information!
* 1x Raspberry Pi
* 1x camera splitter for Raspberry Pi
* 1x wired LED (blue)
* Aluminum Foil for the apertures/pinhole
* 1x Power Supply for Raspberry Pi
* long camera cables

## Software
Please have a look at our **ImJoy** [Github-Repository](https://github.com/bionanoimaging/UC2-ImJoy-GIT) for this Application.

## <img src="./IMAGES/S.png" width="40">Participate!
If you find this piece useful or you want to improve it, please feel free to file an issue or write us a message!

Commit message:

Main: New BOM
Complete overview of setups and modules, including prices, added to the google spreadsheet and linked to main readme, Resources, Sitemap
Added Results headline to each pplication
Fixed some mistakes in list of additional parts

APPLICATIONS/APP_Abbe_Setup/Readme.md, after:

# Abbe Diffraction Experiment
This is the repository for the Abbe Diffraction Experiment. It has two cameras where one captures the Fourier plane and the other acquires the image plane.

<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/Application_Abbe-Experiment_v2.png" width="500">
</p>

## Setup
This is based on old cubes, but the order is the same. All lenses have 50mm focal length.
<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/Abbe_Experiment_3.jpg.png" width="500">
</p>

## Devices' features:

* Capture Fourier Plane
* Capture Image Plane
* Low-cost acquisition
* Open-Source
* Compatible with Educational purposes


## <img src="./IMAGES/P.png" width="40">3D printing

Having two cameras is optional since one camera can be moved between two planes!

### <img src="./IMAGES/D.png" width="40"><img src="./IMAGES/P.png" width="40">Parts to printing

|  Name | Properties  |  Price | Link  | # |
|---|---|---|---|---|
|  2x4 Baseplate | - | 5€  | [Base-plate](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_Baseplate_v2/)  | 1|
|  4x4 Baseplate | - | 5€  | [Base-plate](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_Baseplate_v2/)  | 1|
|  Module: Raspberry Pi Camera | -  | 20 €  | [Raspi Camera Cube](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_RaspiCam_v2)  | 2|
|  Module: LED + Pinhole  | white light LED, 1mm pinhole | 10€  | [LED + Pinhole Cube](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_LED_v2)  | 1|
|  Module: Lens | all 50mm lenses | 10€  | [Lens Cube](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Lens_v2)  | 4 |
|  Module: Beamsplitter | - | 30€  | [Beamsplitter Cube](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Beamsplitter_v2)  | 1 |
|  Module: Sample holder | - | 30€  | [Sampleholder Cube](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Sample_Holder_v2)  | 1 |

### <img src="./IMAGES/B.png" width="40">Additional components
* Check out the [RESOURCES](../../TUTORIALS/RESOURCES) for more information!
* 1x Raspberry Pi
* 1x camera splitter for Raspberry Pi
* 1x wired LED (blue)
* Aluminum Foil for the apertures/pinhole
* 1x Power Supply for Raspberry Pi
* long camera cables

## Software
Please have a look at our **ImJoy** [Github-Repository](https://github.com/bionanoimaging/UC2-ImJoy-GIT) for this Application.

## <img src="./IMAGES/E.png" width="40"> Results
None yet. Be the first to share yours!

## <img src="./IMAGES/S.png" width="40">Participate!
If you find this piece useful or you want to improve it, please feel free to file an issue or write us a message!
