Readme.md, before:

# UC2
<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/UC2_Logo.png" width="200">
</p>

This is the online repository for the open-source hardware project ''UC2'' [YouSeeToo]. 

[Quickstart 3D printing files](./CAD/CUBE_Base) | [Design-Files](./CAD/CUBE_Base/STL) | [Project Page](http://useetoo.org) | [UC2 Paper](https://www.google.com/search?q=comming+soon&oq=comming+soon&aqs=chrome..69i57j0j69i59j0l3.1495j0j4&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8)

**NEW:** We have assembly tutorials with images for each module in the [CAD](./CAD)-folder! :-)

Making **open-science** great again! 

# Table of Content 

[Introduction](#introdution)  
[List of available Setups](#list)  
[Bill of Material](#bill)  
[Getting Started](#getting)  
[Module Developer Kit (NEW)](#module)  



# Introduction

**UC2** is a general-purpose modular framework for making interactive (electro)-optical projects. Most optical systems out there follow a simple so called **4f** setup, where optical lenses are aligned such that focal-planes of adjacent components overlap to limit the amount of aberrations as much as possible and to be able to predict the system-behavior easily using e.g. Fourier-imaging theory. 

Therefore the simplest microscope could be realized using only 2 lenses. Their angular magnification is characterized by the ratio of the objective f_obj and tube lens f_tube

***M_4f=  f_obj/f_tube***

<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/UC2_simplemicroscope.png" width="800">
</p>


**UC2** not only modularizes the optical components in a setup, but allows to make each individual block, represented by a specifc function (i.e. lens, mirror, xy-stage, etc.), ''smart''. Therefore a small microcontroller (i.e. Arduino Nano) connects to a **I^2** BUS, making it possible to communicate with a Master-device (i.e. Raspberry Pi). Illumination sources like LED-Matrices, Motors, etc. can be controlled, sensors like light- or humidity sensors can be readout. 

It aims to bring 21st-century concepts of clean abstraction and modularity to hardware design.

**UC2** is in active development. It is ment to be used not only by beginners, but also for professionals dealing with optical setups on a daily basis. Its click-and-go concept simplifies the process of aligning and adjusting the parts giving new tools acting as rapid-prototyping devices. It also comes with a series of open-source workshops (in the future) explaining the theory behind optics. 

People are also encouraged to share their work. We are curious what the community is doing with our little blocks. All necessary details to modify the design of the blocks are given in the sub-folders of the specific folders. 

A full cube + base-plate looks like that:
<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/UC2_Explosion.png" width="350">
</p>




# List of available Setups

Our goal is to make as many setups as possible available, so that people can play with it. Basically everything's possible, you just need to think in blocks! Please go to the [CAD](./CAD/Readme.md)-folder to have a glimpse of what'S possible

* [Light-sheet Microscope](./CAD/LIGHTSHEET-Scanning)
* [In-Incubator Microscope with X/Y/Z-control and adaptive illumination](./CAD/IN-INCUBATOR_MICROSCOPE) 
* [Telescope](./WORKSHOP/TELESCOPE)
* Smartphone Microscope
* [In-Line Holographical Microscope](./WORKSHOP/INLINE-HOLOGRAMM)
* Abbe Experiment (Diffraction-effect of light)
* Michelson interferometer (Interference-effect of light)

<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/UC2_Holography.png" width="600">
</p>

## Bill of Material

All the parts are from typical distributors like Amazon, Alibaba, Ebay, etc. to provide an easy-to-build solution not relying on special components. The project is heavily benefitting from the wide variety and availability of components brought up by the open-source community. A reference document can be found in the [Documents-folder](./DOCUMENTS/BillOfMaterials).

# Getting Started

## Module Developer Kit (MDK)
To allow easy adaption to the UC2 system we will provide a so called module developer kit ([MDK](./MDK)) also known from the Google Ara system. Here we define the industrial design guidlines so that any inlet can be designed to make it work with our UC2 system. 
It can be observed in the [MDK](./MDK)-folder. 

If you have a new part, we are eager to see it. Please feel free to share it on available resources like Twitter, Thingiverse, Github or any other platform of choice! :-)

## CAD Design Tutorial 
We provide a brief tutorial on how to design an insert which adapts any part to the UC2 system. Please find it [here](./CAD/CUBE_Base#tutorial-on-how-to-design-an-insert-in-inventor) on how to design an insert in Inventor).

## Brief overview of documented setups

### Base Cube 
The basic cube can directly be printed using the [STL](./CAD/CUBE_Base/STL)-files or imported in Autodesks Inventor/Fusion360. Therefor we wrote a little tutorial which can be found [here](./CAD/CUBE_Base).

A quick printing tutorial can be found here:
[![UC2 YouSeeToo - How to print the base-cube?](./IMAGES/UC2_TutorialPrintYoutube.png)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JswW8BexnC4&feature=youtu.be)



### Inline Holographical Microscope (lensless)
We started a Digital In-Line Holographical Microscope Workshop together with the [Lichtwerkstatt](https://lichtwerkstatt-jena.de/) in November 2018. You can find the guid with an in-detail explanation [here](./WORKSHOP/INLINE-HOLOGRAMM) with a [German](./WORKSHOP/INLINE-HOLOGRAMM/WORKSHOP.pdf) PDF and a translated [English Version](./WORKSHOP/INLINE-HOLOGRAMM/WORKSHOP_english.pdf).

This should give a first-start blueprint to develop any optical design idea into our system. We also provide how-to's to create [customized parts](./DOCUMENTS/TUTORIALS/TUT_Basic_Design_Cube_Inlet_Function_v0.pdf) to use it with UC2. You can find them [here](./DOCUMENTS/TUTORIALS/).

Assemlby-guides can be found [here](./DOCUMENTS/TUTORIALS_SETUP).



### Light-sheet Workshop
Have a look at the documentation of the workshop we did at the day of light [here](./WORKSHOP/LIGHTSHEET).

### Telescope 
We also provide a simple setup relying on not more than 2 lenses to build a telescope. The documentation can be found [here](./WORKSHOP/TELESCOPE).


# 3D Printing 

A detailed description of how-to-print the ```UC2```-parts with a ***Prusa i3*** can be found in the folder [Printer](./PRINTER).

# Structure of Repository
----- THIS SECTION NEEDS REVISION -------

**HARDWARE**
	
	* ARDUINO
		* Programming files for the I2C Bus 
		* I2C Documentation 
	* CAD
		* LIGHTSHEET
		* Abbe Experiment
		* In-Incubator Microscope
		* etc. (all come with:)
			* STL
			* INVENTOR
	* DATASHEETS
	* DOCUMENTS
		*  Useful Documents for building the projects
		*  Bill of Materials 
	* Electronics
		* Schematics 
		* Tips and Tricks
	* RASPBERRY-Pi
		* Programming Files for The Pi
		* Python Helper Files
	* WORKSHOPS
		* A growing list of available resource files for workshops (meant for hackathons, universities, schools, etc.) 
		* Manuals
		* Projects 
	* LICENSE
		* Agreement
		* PLEASE READ!

## Get Involved!
----- THIS SECTION NEEDS REVISION -------

This project is open so that anyone can get involved. Ways you can contribute include (see also: https://github.com/rwb27/openflexure_microscope):

* Get involved in discussions in the ISSUE-section
* Raise an issue if you spot something that's wrong, or something that could be improved. This includes the instructions/documentation.
* We support you with the basic CAD Design files, so that you can develop specific hardware-function which can fit in our cubes (Autocad Inventor files are not accessible though) 
* Suggest better text or images for the instructions.
* Improve the design of parts - even if you don't use OpenSCAD, STL files or descriptions of changes are helpful.
* Fork it, and make pull requests - again, documentation improvements are every bit as useful as revised OpenSCAD files.
* Things in need of attention are currently described in issues so have a look there if you'd like to work on something but aren't sure what.


REMARK: All files have been designed using Autodesk Inventor 2019 (EDUCATION)

### Start Designing individual parts 
----- THIS SECTION NEEDS REVISION -------

We compiled a quick tutorial where you find a guide on how an inlet could look like. The base-cubes can hold any function you want. The fastes way is to rely on Thorlabs parts, but basically any other part can fit in it too. Have a look here:
[Guide to design a customized function](./DOCUMENTS/TUTORIALS/TUT_Basic_Design_Cube_Inlet_Function_v0.pdf)


## Raspberry Pi Quick-Start 
----- THIS SECTION NEEDS REVISION -------

Please find a manual [here](./DOCUMENTS/RaspberryPi/Raspberry_Pi_v0.docx) and [here](./RASPBERRY-PI).

## Kits, License and Collaboration
----- THIS SECTION NEEDS REVISION -------
This project is open-source and is released under the CERN open hardware license. Our aim is to make the kits commercially available. 
We encourage everyone who is using our Toolbox to share their results and ideas, so that the Toolbox keeps improving. It should serve as a easy-to-use and easy-to-access general purpose building block solution for the area of STEAM education. All the design files are general for free, but we would like to hear how it is going. 

You're free to fork the project and enhance it. If you have any suggestions to improve it or add any additional functions make a pull-request or file an issue. 

Please find the type of licenses [here](./License.md)


## Printing it yourself
All the CAD-Parts can be printed using an off-the-shef 3D printer (or 3D printing service). Currently we use majorly PLA and ABS coming from an ULTIMAKER 2+/3 (Netherlands) or DeeGreen (Czech Republic). 

Each project has a specific sub-folder in the CAD-section where all necessary .stl files are lying ready for printing. Instructions will be added soon. 

Don't just print everything from the STL folder, as currently it contains some parts that must be printed multiple times, and other parts that are redundant. 

## Showcase
This is one of the very first prototypes we had in 2017. It has evovled a lot.
![UC2 Holography](./IMAGES/UC2_firststep.JPG)

## Credits
R. Heintzmann, X. Uwurukundo, H. Wang, B. Marsikova, R. Richter, Lichtwerkstatt, IPHT Jena

Commit message:

Added a minimal working example for I2C programming for the ARduino

Readme.md, after:

# UC2
<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/UC2_Logo.png" width="200">
</p>

This is the online repository for the open-source hardware project ''UC2'' [YouSeeToo]. 

[Quickstart 3D printing files](./CAD/CUBE_Base) | [Design-Files](./CAD/CUBE_Base/STL) | [Project Page](http://useetoo.org) | [UC2 Paper](https://www.google.com/search?q=comming+soon&oq=comming+soon&aqs=chrome..69i57j0j69i59j0l3.1495j0j4&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8)

**NEW:** We have assembly tutorials with images for each module in the [CAD](./CAD)-folder! :-)

Making **open-science** great again! 

# Table of Content 

[Introduction](#introdution)  
[List of available Setups](#list)  
[Bill of Material](#bill)  
[Getting Started](#getting)  
[Module Developer Kit (NEW)](#module)  



# Introduction

**UC2** is a general-purpose modular framework for making interactive (electro)-optical projects. Most optical systems out there follow a simple so called **4f** setup, where optical lenses are aligned such that focal-planes of adjacent components overlap to limit the amount of aberrations as much as possible and to be able to predict the system-behavior easily using e.g. Fourier-imaging theory. 

Therefore the simplest microscope could be realized using only 2 lenses. Their angular magnification is characterized by the ratio of the objective f_obj and tube lens f_tube

***M_4f=  f_obj/f_tube***

<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/UC2_simplemicroscope.png" width="800">
</p>


**UC2** not only modularizes the optical components in a setup, but allows to make each individual block, represented by a specifc function (i.e. lens, mirror, xy-stage, etc.), ''smart''. Therefore a small microcontroller (i.e. Arduino Nano) connects to a **I^2** BUS, making it possible to communicate with a Master-device (i.e. Raspberry Pi). Illumination sources like LED-Matrices, Motors, etc. can be controlled, sensors like light- or humidity sensors can be readout. 

It aims to bring 21st-century concepts of clean abstraction and modularity to hardware design.

**UC2** is in active development. It is ment to be used not only by beginners, but also for professionals dealing with optical setups on a daily basis. Its click-and-go concept simplifies the process of aligning and adjusting the parts giving new tools acting as rapid-prototyping devices. It also comes with a series of open-source workshops (in the future) explaining the theory behind optics. 

People are also encouraged to share their work. We are curious what the community is doing with our little blocks. All necessary details to modify the design of the blocks are given in the sub-folders of the specific folders. 

A full cube + base-plate looks like that:
<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/UC2_Explosion.png" width="350">
</p>




# List of available Setups

Our goal is to make as many setups as possible available, so that people can play with it. Basically everything's possible, you just need to think in blocks! Please go to the [CAD](./CAD/Readme.md)-folder to have a glimpse of what'S possible

* [Light-sheet Microscope](./CAD/LIGHTSHEET-Scanning)
* [In-Incubator Microscope with X/Y/Z-control and adaptive illumination](./CAD/IN-INCUBATOR_MICROSCOPE) 
* [Telescope](./WORKSHOP/TELESCOPE)
* Smartphone Microscope
* [In-Line Holographical Microscope](./WORKSHOP/INLINE-HOLOGRAMM)
* Abbe Experiment (Diffraction-effect of light)
* Michelson interferometer (Interference-effect of light)

<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/UC2_Holography.png" width="600">
</p>

## Bill of Material

All the parts are from typical distributors like Amazon, Alibaba, Ebay, etc. to provide an easy-to-build solution not relying on special components. The project is heavily benefitting from the wide variety and availability of components brought up by the open-source community. A reference document can be found in the [Documents-folder](./DOCUMENTS/BillOfMaterials).

# Getting Started

## Module Developer Kit (MDK)
To allow easy adaption to the UC2 system we will provide a so called module developer kit ([MDK](./MDK)) also known from the Google Ara system. Here we define the industrial design guidlines so that any inlet can be designed to make it work with our UC2 system. 
It can be observed in the [MDK](./MDK)-folder. 

If you have a new part, we are eager to see it. Please feel free to share it on available resources like Twitter, Thingiverse, Github or any other platform of choice! :-)

## CAD Design Tutorial 
We provide a brief tutorial on how to design an insert which adapts any part to the UC2 system. Please find it [here](./CAD/CUBE_Base#tutorial-on-how-to-design-an-insert-in-inventor) on how to design an insert in Inventor).

## Brief overview of documented setups

### Base Cube 
The basic cube can directly be printed using the [STL](./CAD/CUBE_Base/STL)-files or imported in Autodesks Inventor/Fusion360. Therefor we wrote a little tutorial which can be found [here](./CAD/CUBE_Base).

A quick printing tutorial can be found here:
[![UC2 YouSeeToo - How to print the base-cube?](./IMAGES/UC2_TutorialPrintYoutube.png)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JswW8BexnC4&feature=youtu.be)



### Inline Holographical Microscope (lensless)
We started a Digital In-Line Holographical Microscope Workshop together with the [Lichtwerkstatt](https://lichtwerkstatt-jena.de/) in November 2018. You can find the guid with an in-detail explanation [here](./WORKSHOP/INLINE-HOLOGRAMM) with a [German](./WORKSHOP/INLINE-HOLOGRAMM/WORKSHOP.pdf) PDF and a translated [English Version](./WORKSHOP/INLINE-HOLOGRAMM/WORKSHOP_english.pdf).

This should give a first-start blueprint to develop any optical design idea into our system. We also provide how-to's to create [customized parts](./DOCUMENTS/TUTORIALS/TUT_Basic_Design_Cube_Inlet_Function_v0.pdf) to use it with UC2. You can find them [here](./DOCUMENTS/TUTORIALS/).

Assemlby-guides can be found [here](./DOCUMENTS/TUTORIALS_SETUP).



### Light-sheet Workshop
Have a look at the documentation of the workshop we did at the day of light [here](./WORKSHOP/LIGHTSHEET).

### Telescope 
We also provide a simple setup relying on not more than 2 lenses to build a telescope. The documentation can be found [here](./WORKSHOP/TELESCOPE).


# 3D Printing 

All the CAD-Parts can be printed using an off-the-shef 3D printer (or 3D printing service). Currently we use majorly PLA and ABS coming from an ULTIMAKER 2+/3 (Netherlands), Be3D DeeGreen (Czech Republic) and Prusa i3 Mk3. 

Each Application (e.g. Incubator Microscope) has a specific sub-folder in the [CAD](./CAD)-section where all necessary ```.stl``` files are lying ready for printing.

Don't just print everything from the STL folder, as currently it contains some parts that must be printed multiple times, and other parts that are redundant. 

## Printing Tutorial 
A detailed description of how-to-print the ```UC2```-parts with a ***Prusa i3*** can be found in the folder [Printer](./PRINTER).

# Structure of Repository
----- THIS SECTION NEEDS REVISION -------

**HARDWARE**
	
	* ARDUINO
		* Programming files for the I2C Bus 
		* I2C Documentation 
	* CAD
		* LIGHTSHEET
		* Abbe Experiment
		* In-Incubator Microscope
		* etc. (all come with:)
			* STL
			* INVENTOR
	* DATASHEETS
	* DOCUMENTS
		*  Useful Documents for building the projects
		*  Bill of Materials 
	* Electronics
		* Schematics 
		* Tips and Tricks
	* RASPBERRY-Pi
		* Programming Files for The Pi
		* Python Helper Files
	* WORKSHOPS
		* A growing list of available resource files for workshops (meant for hackathons, universities, schools, etc.) 
		* Manuals
		* Projects 
	* LICENSE
		* Agreement
		* PLEASE READ!

## Get Involved!
----- THIS SECTION NEEDS REVISION -------

This project is open so that anyone can get involved. Ways you can contribute include (see also: https://github.com/rwb27/openflexure_microscope):

* Get involved in discussions in the ISSUE-section
* Raise an issue if you spot something that's wrong, or something that could be improved. This includes the instructions/documentation.
* We support you with the basic CAD Design files, so that you can develop specific hardware-function which can fit in our cubes (Autocad Inventor files are not accessible though) 
* Suggest better text or images for the instructions.
* Improve the design of parts - even if you don't use OpenSCAD, STL files or descriptions of changes are helpful.
* Fork it, and make pull requests - again, documentation improvements are every bit as useful as revised OpenSCAD files.
* Things in need of attention are currently described in issues so have a look there if you'd like to work on something but aren't sure what.


REMARK: All files have been designed using Autodesk Inventor 2019 (EDUCATION)

### Start Designing individual parts 
----- THIS SECTION NEEDS REVISION -------

We compiled a quick tutorial where you find a guide on how an inlet could look like. The base-cubes can hold any function you want. The fastes way is to rely on Thorlabs parts, but basically any other part can fit in it too. Have a look here:
[Guide to design a customized function](./DOCUMENTS/TUTORIALS/TUT_Basic_Design_Cube_Inlet_Function_v0.pdf)


## Raspberry Pi Quick-Start 
----- THIS SECTION NEEDS REVISION -------

Please find a manual [here](./DOCUMENTS/RaspberryPi/Raspberry_Pi_v0.docx) and [here](./RASPBERRY-PI).

## Kits, License and Collaboration
----- THIS SECTION NEEDS REVISION -------
This project is open-source and is released under the CERN open hardware license. Our aim is to make the kits commercially available. 
We encourage everyone who is using our Toolbox to share their results and ideas, so that the Toolbox keeps improving. It should serve as a easy-to-use and easy-to-access general purpose building block solution for the area of STEAM education. All the design files are general for free, but we would like to hear how it is going. 

You're free to fork the project and enhance it. If you have any suggestions to improve it or add any additional functions make a pull-request or file an issue. 

Please find the type of licenses [here](./License.md)


## Showcase
This is one of the very first prototypes we had in 2017. It has evovled a lot.
![UC2 Holography](./IMAGES/UC2_firststep.JPG)

## Credits
If you find this project useful, please like this repository and cite the webpage! :-)
R. Heintzmann, X. Uwurukundo, H. Wang, B. Marsikova, R. Richter, Lichtwerkstatt, IPHT Jena
