CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_LED_Matrix_v2/Readme.md, before:

# Cube LED Matrix
This parts adapt a LED matrix to the UC2 cubes. Electric control is done by an ESP32.

The stl-files can be found in the folder [STL](./STL).

<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/Assembly_Cube_LED_Matrix_v0.png" width="300">
</p>

## Purpose
It can be used for Fourier Ptychographic Microscopy (FPM, Horstmeyer 2014), quantitative differential phase-contrast (qDPC, Tian&Waller 2015) or oblique illumination, etc.



## Properties
The basic properties/features of the assembly go here.

## Parts

### <img src="./IMAGES/P.png" height="40"> 3D printing parts
Here we list the 3D printed components from the ./STL folder

The Part consists of the following components.

1. **The Lid** which holds the ESP32 and the screws which connect to the base-plate (optional: wires can be connected to the screws) ([LID](./STL/10_Lid_1x1_el_v2.stl))
2. **The LED-Matrix Adapter** which adapts to the Neopixel LED Matrix display. ([ADAPTER](./STL/20_Cube_insert_LED_holder.stl))


### <img src="./IMAGES/B.png" height="40"> Additional parts
Here we list all parts which need to be bought from different sources.

|  Name | Properties  |  Price | Link  | # |
|---|---|---|---|---|
|  ESP32 | Microcontroller | 5€  | [ESP](http://esp32.net/)  | 1|
|  DIN912 M3x18 | Screws | 1€  | [Würth](https://eshop.wuerth.de/Zylinderschraube-mit-Innensechskant-SHR-ZYL-ISO4762-88-IS25-A2K-M3X18/00843%20%2018.sku/de/DE/EUR/)  | 6|
|  Adafruit Neopixel 8x8 | LED Matrix (RGB) | 25€  | [Neopixel](https://www.amazon.de/Adafruit-NeoPixel-NeoMatrix-8x8-64-Matrix/dp/B00FA9JDEU)  | 1|

## Remarks and Tips

### 3D Printing
Print as is without support. Infill can be around 30%.

### Tricks
You can connect the supply-voltage wires to the screws (5V, Gnd) which can connect to the baseplates' magnets which can eventually also hold power. This makes additional wires obsolete.

### Electronics
Please follow the tutorial of how to handle the LED Matrix in the Adafruit Post [here](https://learn.adafruit.com/adafruit-neopixel-uberguide/neomatrix-library). We connect the LED-array to ```pin 9```.

## <img src="./IMAGES/A.png" height="40"> Assembly
The assembly of this part is straight forward. Just screw all the parts together to end up here:

<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/step1.jpg" width="600">
</p>

<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/step2.jpg" width="600">
</p>

The ```DIN```, ```5V``` and ```Gnd```-Pin have to be connected to the ESP32. The ESP32 connects to the supply voltage (5V).




### Tutorial with images
Don't insert batteries in the laser yet!!

1. All parts for this model
<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/CUBE_LED_MATRIX_1.jpg" width="300">
</p>

2. Solder the 3xpinhead to the LED-Matrix
<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/CUBE_LED_MATRIX_2.jpg" width="300">
</p>

3. Add the pinheads to the ESP32
<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/CUBE_LED_MATRIX_3.jpg" width="300">
</p>

4. Solder everything
<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/CUBE_LED_MATRIX_4.jpg" width="300">
</p>

5. Connect 5V, GND and Data from ESP32 to Neopixel Array using Female-Female jumpers
<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/CUBE_LED_MATRIX_5.jpg" width="300">
</p>

6. Add Lid and Screws - Done!
<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/CUBE_LED_MATRIX_6.jpg" width="300">
</p>

6. Mount everything
<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/CUBE_LED_MATRIX_7.jpg" width="300">
</p>


## Safety
Take care in case you're dealing with lasers. Don't burn yourself if you solder the part!

- Open Electronic Contacts can deduce a shortcut!

Commit message:

Main: CAD folder brushed up
Added Eyeball cube
Added text to TheBOXes
Fixed many typos in CAD folders
Kinematic mirror do not need metal plates now
Sample holder for thicker slides
All baseplates have correct orientation for printing

CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_LED_Matrix_v2/Readme.md, after:

# Cube LED Matrix
This parts adapt a LED matrix to the UC2 cubes. Electric control is done by an ESP32.

The stl-files can be found in the folder [STL](./STL).

<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/Assembly_Cube_LED_Matrix_v0.png" width="300">
</p>

## Purpose
It can be used for Fourier Ptychographic Microscopy (FPM, Horstmeyer 2014), quantitative differential phase-contrast (qDPC, Tian&Waller 2015) or oblique illumination, etc.

### Properties
The basic properties/features of the assembly go here.

## Parts

### <img src="../IMAGES/P.png" height="40"> 3D printing parts
* No support needed in all designs
* Carefully remove all support structures (if applicable)

The Cube consists of the following components.

1. **The Lid** which holds the ESP32 and the screws which connect to the base-plate (optional: wires can be connected to the screws) ([LID](./STL/10_Lid_1x1_el_v2.stl))
2. **The LED-Matrix Adapter** which adapts to the Neopixel LED Matrix display. ([ADAPTER](./STL/20_Cube_insert_LED_holder.stl))


### <img src="./IMAGES/B.png" height="40"> Additional parts
* 4× DIN912 M3×12 screws (galvanized steel) [🢂](https://eshop.wuerth.de/Zylinderschraube-mit-Innensechskant-SHR-ZYL-ISO4762-88-IS25-A2K-M3X12/00843%20%2012.sku/de/DE/EUR/)
* 2× M2 screws with nuts for connecting the LED matrix to the adapter, alternatively use hot glue
* 1× ESP32 [🢂](https://www.amazon.de/AZDelivery-NodeMCU-Development-Nachfolgermodell-ESP8266/dp/B074RGW2VQ/ref=sr_1_3?__mk_de_DE=%C3%85M%C3%85%C5%BD%C3%95%C3%91&keywords=esp32&qid=1565008313&s=gateway&sr=8-3)
* 1× LED-Array, Neopixel, 8x8 [🢂](https://www.amazon.de/Adafruit-NeoPixel-NeoMatrix-8x8-64-Matrix/dp/B00FA9JDEU)
* 3× Female-Female Jumper Wire, 0.14 mm² [🢂](https://www.amazon.de/ZOORE-120pcs-Multicolored-Female-Breadboard/dp/B07P85V1G3/ref=sr_1_5?__mk_de_DE=%C3%85M%C3%85%C5%BD%C3%95%C3%91&keywords=jumper+male&qid=1565690543&s=industrial&sr=1-5)
* 1× Power cable for ESP32 - USB-microUSB [🢂](https://www.amazon.de/Gritin-Datenkabel-Geflochtene-Robust-Daten%C3%BCbertragung-Grau/dp/B07CJJHVKX/ref=sr_1_3?keywords=usb+c+kabel&qid=1566029225&s=gateway&sr=8-3)


### Tricks
You can connect the supply-voltage wires to the screws (5V, Gnd) which can connect to the baseplates' magnets which can eventually also hold power. This makes additional wires obsolete.

## <img src="./IMAGES/L.png" height="40">Electronics
Please follow the tutorial of how to handle the LED Matrix in the Adafruit Post [here](https://learn.adafruit.com/adafruit-neopixel-uberguide/neomatrix-library). We connect the LED-array to ```pin 9```.

## <img src="./IMAGES/A.png" height="40"> Assembly
The assembly of this part is straight forward. Just screw all the parts together to end up here:

<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/step1.jpg" width="600">
</p>

<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/step2.jpg" width="600">
</p>

The ```DIN```, ```5V``` and ```Gnd```-Pin have to be connected to the ESP32. The ESP32 connects to the supply voltage (5V).


### Tutorial with images
Don't insert batteries in the laser yet!!

1. All parts for this model
<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/CUBE_LED_MATRIX_1.jpg" width="300">
</p>

2. Solder the 3xpinhead to the LED-Matrix
<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/CUBE_LED_MATRIX_2.jpg" width="300">
</p>

3. Add the pinheads to the ESP32
<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/CUBE_LED_MATRIX_3.jpg" width="300">
</p>

4. Solder everything
<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/CUBE_LED_MATRIX_4.jpg" width="300">
</p>

5. Connect 5V, GND and Data from ESP32 to Neopixel Array using Female-Female jumpers
<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/CUBE_LED_MATRIX_5.jpg" width="300">
</p>

6. Add Lid and Screws - Done!
<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/CUBE_LED_MATRIX_6.jpg" width="300">
</p>

6. Mount everything
<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/CUBE_LED_MATRIX_7.jpg" width="300">
</p>


## Safety
Don't burn yourself if you solder the part!

- Open Electronic Contacts can deduce a shortcut!
