ELECTRONICS/Readme.md, before:

## <img src="./IMAGES/L.png" width=40>Electronics
Here you'll find the schematics for the wiring parts of the UC2 parts.

---
# If all the wiring scares you, click here [<img src="./IMAGES/lightbulb.svg" width="60">](./ELECTRONICS_FOR_DUMMIES)
---

    This section needs an update!

## Wire Diagrams/Schematics
All schemes are put together with the Open-Source Software [Fritzing](http://fritzing.org/).

Most connections can be established with pin-connection (male/female). For durable connection, please solder everything! You're not expected to have perfect soldering skills though. Look up some youtube-tutorials on "How to solder wires" and alike. Be careful not to mixing up +/- to prevent any shortcuts which would very likely fry the Pi or the Arduinos.

## General Wiring (Arduino)
For the I2C Bus we use a 4-wire colour-code as follows:

- **5V** - White
- **GND** - Yellow
- **Data** - Green
- **CLK** - Brown

The junctions are connected with [WaGo Snapping Clamps, Compact Wago 2273-203 -> Amazon](https://www.amazon.de/Wago-VERBINDUNGSKLEMME-3POL-2273-203/dp/B075ZRQCGZ):
<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/UC2_WiringColourCode.JPG" width="500">
</p>


## Projects
- [XY-Stage](./XY-Stage)
- [LED-Matrix](./LED-Matrix)
- [FLUO-LED](./FLUO-LED)
- [Magnetic Connectors](./Magnetic-Connectors)
- [Raspberry Pi](./RASPBERRY-PI)

# Done with the wiring? Then it's time for [software<img src="./IMAGES/W.png" width=40>](https://github.com/bionanoimaging/UC2-Software-GIT)!

Commit message:

Main: TUTORIALS
Tutorials: lens, telescopes, simple smartphone microscope, LED array
Resources: step-by-step
All relevant images should be v2 now

ELECTRONICS/Readme.md, after:

# <img src="./IMAGES/L.png" width=40>Electronics
Here you'll find the schematics for the wiring of the UC2 parts.

---
# If all the wiring scares you, click here [<img src="./IMAGES/lightbulb.svg" width="60">](./ELECTRONICS_FOR_DUMMIES)
---

Most connections can be established with pin-connection (male/female), as you see in the [simplified tutorial](./ELECTRONICS_FOR_DUMMIES). For durable connection, please solder everything! You're not expected to have perfect soldering skills though. Have a look in the [TUTORIALS](../TUTORIALS) for some soldering guidelines. Be careful not to mix up +/-, otherwise you might cause shortcuts which would very likely fry the Pi or the Arduinos/ESP32s.

## Available schemes and guidelines
* [Z-stage and Sample-Stage](./Z-stage)
* [LED matrix](./LED-Matrix)
* [Fluo-LED for Z-stage](./FLUO-LED)
* [XY-Stage](./XY-Stage)
* [Raspberry Pi](./RASPBERRY-PI)
* [Magnetic connectors (v0)](./Magnetic-Connectors)


    This section needs an update!

## Wire Diagrams/Schematics
All schemes are put together with the Open-Source Software [Fritzing](http://fritzing.org/).

## General Wiring (Arduino Nano; I2C)
For the I2C Bus we use a 4-wire colour-code as follows:

- **5V** - White
- **GND** - Yellow
- **Data** - Green
- **CLK** - Brown

The junctions are connected with [WaGo Snapping Clamps, Compact Wago 2273-203 -> Amazon](https://www.amazon.de/Wago-VERBINDUNGSKLEMME-3POL-2273-203/dp/B075ZRQCGZ):
<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/UC2_WiringColourCode.JPG" width="500">
</p>




# Done with the wiring? Then it's time for [software<img src="./IMAGES/W.png" width=40>](https://github.com/bionanoimaging/UC2-Software-GIT)!
