APPLICATIONS/APP_SIMPLE-Projector/Readme.md, before:

# Simple Projector
We developed a very easy-to-use setup to demonstrate single lens imaging and magnification.

<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/UC2_Setups_12_Projector.png" width="450">
</p>

## <img src="./IMAGES/D.png" width="40">Parts

### Modules for this setup

|  Name | Properties  |  Price | Link  | # |
|---|---|---|---|---|
|  4×1 Baseplate | - | 5€  | [Base-plate](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_Baseplate_v2/)  | 1|
|  Module: Lens Cube | -  | 20 €  | [Lens](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Lens_v2)  | 1|
|  Module: Sample Holder Cube | -  | 10 €  | [Lens](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Sample_Holder_v2)  | 1|

### <img src="./IMAGES/P.png" width="40">Parts to print

* 1× [Base-plate 4×1](./STL/Assembly_base_4x1.stl)
* 3× [Cube base 1×1](./STL/10_Cube_1x1_v2.stl)
* 3x [Cube lid 1×1](./STL/10_Lid_1x1_v2.stl)
* 1× [Lens Holder](./STL/1inch_Assembly_Insert_Lens_mount_fixed_20_Lens_holder.stl)
* 1x [Lens Clamp](./STL/1inch_Assembly_Insert_Lens_mount_fixed_20_Lens_holder_clamp.stl)
* 1× [Sample Holder](./STL/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_LED_20_Cube_insert_Sample_holder.stl)
* 1x [Sample Holder Clamp](./STL/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_LED_20_Cube_Insert_Sample_clamp.stl)
* 1× [Flashlight Holder](./STL/20_Cube_Insert_Holder-flashlight_v2.stl) - the diameter works for the flashlight linked in the additional components

In the [STL](./STL) folder you find lens holders for a thin lens with diameter of 1 inch. When using a different lens, please follow our [Tutorial: Design your own Lens Holder](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Lens_v2/STL#design-your-own-lens-holder).

## <img src="./IMAGES/B.png" width="40"> Additional components
* Check out the [RESOURCES](../../TUTORIALS/RESOURCES) for more information!
* 2× planoconvex lens, *f'* = +40 mm, diameter 25,4 mm, (Artikel 2120) [🢂](https://optikbaukasten.de/)
* 16× 5mm Ball magnets [🢂](https://www.magnetmax.de/Neodym-Kugelmagnete/Magnetkugel-Kugelmagnet-O-5-0-mm-Neodym-vernickelt-N40-haelt-400-g::158.html)
* 12× - 24× Screws DIN912 ISO 4762 M3×12 mm [🢂](https://eshop.wuerth.de/Zylinderschraube-mit-Innensechskant-SHR-ZYL-ISO4762-88-IS25-A2K-M3X12/00843%20%2012.sku/de/DE/EUR/)
1× flashlight [🢂](https://www.pollin.de/p/led-taschenlampe-alu-5-w-cree-led-3xmicro-schwarz-b-ware-535448)
* Diapositiv or any other image on a translucent medium, you can for example draw something on a microscope slide or a foil

## <img src="./IMAGES/A.png" width="40"> Assembly

* [Baseplate](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_Baseplate_v2/)
* [Lens Cube](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Lens_v2/)
* [Lens Cube](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Sample_Holder_v2/)
* Flashlight cube: Simply insert the holder in a cube and close it as any other

## Single lens as a projector
<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/UC2_projector_01.png" width="600">
</p>

The *Lens Equation* tells us that the image is not formed anywhere - its position depends on the position of the object and the focal length of the lens:  
***1/f' = 1/s<sub>1</sub> + 1/s<sub>2</sub>***  
The magnification is given by  
***M = h<sub>2</sub>/h<sub>1</sub> = s<sub>2</sub>/s<sub>1</sub>***  
When using a lens as a projecor, the image is always inverted, magnified and real.

<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/UC2_projector_02.png" width="400">
</p>

The projector is also a part of the [SimpleBOX](../../TheBOX/SimpleBOX). Find out more about in the [SimpleBOX manuals](../../../TheBOX/SimpleBOX/DOCUMENTS)

## <img src="./IMAGES/S.png" width="40"> Participate!

Do you want to show your own results? Do you have ideas for improvements? Let us know!

Commit message:

Main: New BOM
Complete overview of setups and modules, including prices, added to the google spreadsheet and linked to main readme, Resources, Sitemap
Added Results headline to each pplication
Fixed some mistakes in list of additional parts

APPLICATIONS/APP_SIMPLE-Projector/Readme.md, after:

# Simple Projector
We developed a very easy-to-use setup to demonstrate single lens imaging and magnification.

<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/UC2_Setups_12_Projector.png" width="450">
</p>

## <img src="./IMAGES/D.png" width="40">Parts

### Modules for this setup

|  Name | Properties  |  Price | Link  | # |
|---|---|---|---|---|
|  4×1 Baseplate | - | 5€  | [Base-plate](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_Baseplate_v2/)  | 1|
|  Module: Lens Cube | -  | 20 €  | [Lens](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Lens_v2)  | 1|
|  Module: Sample Holder Cube | -  | 10 €  | [Lens](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Sample_Holder_v2)  | 1|

### <img src="./IMAGES/P.png" width="40">Parts to print

* 1× [Base-plate 4×1](./STL/Assembly_base_4x1.stl)
* 3× [Cube base 1×1](./STL/10_Cube_1x1_v2.stl)
* 3x [Cube lid 1×1](./STL/10_Lid_1x1_v2.stl)
* 1× [Lens Holder](./STL/1inch_Assembly_Insert_Lens_mount_fixed_20_Lens_holder.stl)
* 1x [Lens Clamp](./STL/1inch_Assembly_Insert_Lens_mount_fixed_20_Lens_holder_clamp.stl)
* 1× [Sample Holder](./STL/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_LED_20_Cube_insert_Sample_holder.stl)
* 1x [Sample Holder Clamp](./STL/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_LED_20_Cube_Insert_Sample_clamp.stl)
* 1× [Flashlight Holder](./STL/20_Cube_Insert_Holder-flashlight_v2.stl) - the diameter works for the flashlight linked in the additional components

In the [STL](./STL) folder you find lens holders for a thin lens with diameter of 1 inch. When using a different lens, please follow our [Tutorial: Design your own Lens Holder](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Lens_v2/STL#design-your-own-lens-holder).

## <img src="./IMAGES/B.png" width="40"> Additional components
* Check out the [RESOURCES](../../TUTORIALS/RESOURCES) for more information!
* 2× planoconvex lens, *f'* = +40 mm, diameter 25,4 mm, (Artikel 2120) [🢂](https://optikbaukasten.de/)
* 16× 5mm Ball magnets [🢂](https://www.magnetmax.de/Neodym-Kugelmagnete/Magnetkugel-Kugelmagnet-O-5-0-mm-Neodym-vernickelt-N40-haelt-400-g::158.html)
* 12× - 24× Screws DIN912 ISO 4762 M3×12 mm [🢂](https://eshop.wuerth.de/Zylinderschraube-mit-Innensechskant-SHR-ZYL-ISO4762-88-IS25-A2K-M3X12/00843%20%2012.sku/de/DE/EUR/)
1× flashlight [🢂](https://www.pollin.de/p/led-taschenlampe-alu-5-w-cree-led-3xmicro-schwarz-b-ware-535448)
* Diapositiv or any other image on a translucent medium, you can for example draw something on a microscope slide or a foil

## <img src="./IMAGES/A.png" width="40"> Assembly

* [Baseplate](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_Baseplate_v2/)
* [Lens Cube](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Lens_v2/)
* [Lens Cube](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Sample_Holder_v2/)
* Flashlight cube: Simply insert the holder in a cube and close it as any other

## Single lens as a projector
<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/UC2_projector_01.png" width="600">
</p>

The *Lens Equation* tells us that the image is not formed anywhere - its position depends on the position of the object and the focal length of the lens:  
***1/f' = 1/s<sub>1</sub> + 1/s<sub>2</sub>***  
The magnification is given by  
***M = h<sub>2</sub>/h<sub>1</sub> = s<sub>2</sub>/s<sub>1</sub>***  
When using a lens as a projecor, the image is always inverted, magnified and real.

<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/UC2_projector_02.png" width="400">
</p>

The projector is also a part of the [SimpleBOX](../../TheBOX/SimpleBOX). Find out more about in the [SimpleBOX manuals](../../../TheBOX/SimpleBOX/DOCUMENTS)

## <img src="./IMAGES/E.png" width="40"> Results
None yet. Be the first to share yours! 

## <img src="./IMAGES/S.png" width="40"> Participate!

Do you want to show your own results? Do you have ideas for improvements? Let us know!
