TheBOX/STL/Readme.md, before:

# The BOX

## 3D Printing:

A quick printing tutorial can be found here:
[![UC2 YouSeeToo - How to print the base-cube?](./IMAGES/UC2_TutorialPrintYoutube.PNG)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JswW8BexnC4&feature=youtu.be)

We have a good experience with these printers and settings:
* Ultimaker 2+
  * ABS 2,85 mm; for one Box: 0,548 kg = 78,14 m = 80 hours = 15 €
  * Profile Normal 0,15 mm, infill 18%, no support, 260/105°C
  * Assembly Base 4×4 has to be descaled to 99% of the size. It has no effect on its functionality
  * [Hint](./IMAGES/ultimaker2_printing_theBox.pdf)


* Prusa i3/MK3S
  * PLA 1,75 mm, for one Box: 0,581 kg = 194,77 m = 85 hours = 15 €
  * Profile Optimal 0,15 mm, infill 20%, no support, 215/60°C
  * [Hint](./IMAGES/prusa_printing_theBox.pdf)

## List of parts for one Box

### Housing

Link - name of part             |  Amount
:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:
[Basic Cube 1×1](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Base_v2/STL/10_Cube_1x1_v2.stl)  |  14 pieces
[Basic Lid 1×1](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Base_v2/STL/10_Lid_1x1_v2.stl)  |  15 pieces
[Thin Lid 1×1](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_S-STAGE_v2/STL/10_Lid_1x1_v2_thin.stl)  |  1 piece
[Basic Cube 2×1](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Z-STAGE_v2/STL/10_Cube_2x1_v2.stl)  |  1 piece
[Basic Lid 2×1](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Z-STAGE_v2/STL/10_Lid_el_2x1_v2.stl)  |  1 piece
[Baseplate 4×4](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_BASE/STL/Assembly_base_4x4.stl)  |  1 piece
[Baseplate 4×2](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_BASE/STL/Assembly_base_4x2.stl)  |  1 piece
[Baseplate 4×1](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_BASE/STL/Assembly_base_4x1.stl)  |  2 pieces

### Inserts

Link - name of part             |  Amount |  Comment
:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:
[Beam Expander ](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Beamexpander_v2/STL/20_Cube_Insert_Beamexpander.stl)  |  1 piece
[Beam Expander Lens Adapter](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Beamexpander_v2/STL/30_Lens_Adapter_Beamexpander.stl) |  1 piece |Depending on the diameter of the lens you might need this adapter or a custom one
[Beamsplitter Holder](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Beamsplitter_v2/STL/20_Cube_Insert_Beamsplitter.stl)  |  1 piece | For 20×20×20 mm³ Beamsplitter
[Smartphone Holder](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Cellphonemount/STL/30_Smartphone_Holder.stl)  |  1 piece
[Dichroic Beamsplitter](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Dichroic_Beamsplitter_v2/STL/20_Cube_Insert_Beamsplittercube_Base.stl)  |  1 piece | For one dichroic (rectagular) and up to 3 other (1 inch) filters
[Dichroic Beamsplitter - retainplate](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Dichroic_Beamsplitter_v2/STL/20_Cube_Insert_Beamsplittercube_Dichroicmirror_Retainplate.stl)  |  1 piece
[Dichroic Beamsplitter - retainring](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Dichroic_Beamsplitter_v2/STL/20_Cube_Insert_Beamsplittercube_Retainring_25mm.stl)  |  1-3 pieces | Depending on the filter used
[Eyepiece/flashlight mount ](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Eyepiece_v2\STL\20_Cube_Insert_Holder-okular_v2.stl)  |  1-2 pieces | Diameter fits for the listed eyepiece
[Laser Holder](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Laser_v2/STL/20_Cube_Insert_Laser_Mount.stl) |  2 pieces
[Laser Switch](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Laser_v2/STL/00_Laser_Clamp_OnOffSwitch.stl) |  1 piece
[LED array mount](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_LED_Matrix_v2/STL/30_Cube_LED_Array_v0.stl) |  1 piece
[LED (star) Holder](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_LED_v2/STL/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_LED_20_Cube_insert_LED_holder.stl)  |  1 piece
[Lens Holder](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Lens_v2/STL/20_Cube_Insert_Objective_Holder.stl)  |  4-5 pieces | Diameter fits for the listed lenses
[Cylindrical Lens Holder](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Lens_CYLINDRICAL_v2/STL/20_Cube_Insert_Lens_Cylindrical.stl)  |  1 piece | Size and shape fits for the listed cylindrical lens
[Mirror Holder 45° 30×30mm²](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Mirror_45_v2/STL/20_Cube_Insert_Mirror_Holder_30x30Mirror_v2.stl)  |  2 pieces
[Mirror Holder 45° 1 inch](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Mirror_45_v2/STL/20_Cube_Insert_Mirror_Holder_v2.stl)  |  2 pieces
[Mirror Kinematic 45°](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Mirror_Kinematic_45_v2/STL/20_Cube_Insert_Kinematic_Mirrormount_45_base.stl)  |  1 piece
[Mirror Kinematic Perpendicular](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Mirror_Kinematic_v2/STL/20_Cube_Insert_Kinematic_Mirrormount_base.stl)  |  1 piece
[Raspi Camera Holder](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_RaspiCam_v2/STL/20_Cube_Insert_RaspiCam.stl)  |  1 piece
[Sample Stage](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_S-STAGE_v2/STL/30_Z_Translator_Lightsheet_v4.stl) |  1 piece
[Sample Chamber](../../CAD/) |  1 piece
[Generic Sample Holder](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Sample_Holder_v2/STL/20_Cube_insert_Sample_holder.stl)  |  1 piece
[Generic Sample Holder Clamp](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Sample_Holder_v2/STL/20_Cube_Insert_Sample_clamp.stl)  |  1 piece
[Generic Sample Holder - Comb Structure](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Sample_Holder_v2/STL/20_Cube_sampleholder.stl)  |  1 piece
[Z-Stage Focusing Insert](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Z-STAGE_v2/STL/20_focus_inlet_triangle_spiral_v6_5.stl)  |  1 piece
[Z-Stage Coupling Screw M4](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Z-STAGE_v2/STL/30_Coupling_Screw_28BYJ_M4.stl) |  1 piece
[Z-Stage Adapterplate](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Z-STAGE_v2/STL/30_Z_Stage_Adapterplate_11.stl)  |  1 piece
[Z-Stage Fluomodule](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Z-STAGE_v2/STL/30_Z_Stage_Fluomodule_12.stl)  |  1 piece
[Z-Stage Microscope Slide Clamp](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Z-STAGE_v2/STL/40_XY_Stage_Clamp_Slide_9.stl)  |  1 piece
[Z-Stage Fixing Ring](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Z-STAGE_v2/STL/30_focus_inlet_triangle_spiral_fixingring.stl)  |  1 piece
[Z-Stage Coupling Screw M4](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Z-STAGE_v2/STL/30_Coupling_Screw_28BYJ_M4.stl) |  1 piece | Depending on screw used in the stages, you might need only two M3 or two M4 coupling screws
[Sample Stage Coupling Screw M3](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_S-STAGE_v2/STL/30_Coupling_Screw_28BYJ_M3.stl)  |  1 piece | Depending on screw used in the stages, you might need only two M3 or two M4 coupling screws

Commit message:

TheBOX updates
The BOX splited into Simple and Full version, both documented.

TheBOX/STL/Readme.md, after:

# The BOX

This is a guide for 3D printing the parts of the [FullBOX](../FullBOX). The guide for the [SimpleBOX can be found here.](../SimpleBOX/STL)

## 3D Printing:

A quick printing tutorial can be found here:
[![UC2 YouSeeToo - How to print the base-cube?](./IMAGES/UC2_TutorialPrintYoutube.PNG)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JswW8BexnC4&feature=youtu.be)

We have a good experience with these printers and settings:
* Ultimaker 2+
  * ABS 2,85 mm; for one Box: 0,548 kg = 78,14 m = 80 hours = 15 €
  * Profile Normal 0,15 mm, infill 18%, no support, 260/105°C
  * Assembly Base 4×4 has to be descaled to 99% of the size. It has no effect on its functionality
  * [Hint](./IMAGES/ultimaker2_printing_theBox.pdf)


* Prusa i3/MK3S
  * PLA 1,75 mm, for one Box: 0,581 kg = 194,77 m = 85 hours = 15 €
  * Profile Optimal 0,15 mm, infill 20%, no support, 215/60°C
  * [Hint](./IMAGES/prusa_printing_theBox.pdf)

## List of parts for the FullBox

### Housing

Link - name of part             |  Amount
:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:
[Basic Cube 1×1](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Base_v2/STL/10_Cube_1x1_v2.stl)  |  14 pieces
[Basic Lid 1×1](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Base_v2/STL/10_Lid_1x1_v2.stl)  |  15 pieces
[Thin Lid 1×1](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_S-STAGE_v2/STL/10_Lid_1x1_v2_thin.stl)  |  1 piece
[Basic Cube 2×1](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Z-STAGE_v2/STL/10_Cube_2x1_v2.stl)  |  1 piece
[Basic Lid 2×1](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Z-STAGE_v2/STL/10_Lid_el_2x1_v2.stl)  |  1 piece
[Baseplate 4×4](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_BASE/STL/Assembly_base_4x4.stl)  |  1 piece
[Baseplate 4×2](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_BASE/STL/Assembly_base_4x2.stl)  |  1 piece
[Baseplate 4×1](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_BASE/STL/Assembly_base_4x1.stl)  |  2 pieces

### Inserts

Link - name of part             |  Amount |  Comment
:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:
[Beam Expander ](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Beamexpander_v2/STL/20_Cube_Insert_Beamexpander.stl)  |  1 piece
[Beam Expander Lens Adapter](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Beamexpander_v2/STL/30_Lens_Adapter_Beamexpander.stl) |  1 piece |Depending on the diameter of the lens you might need this adapter or a custom one
[Beamsplitter Holder](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Beamsplitter_v2/STL/20_Cube_Insert_Beamsplitter.stl)  |  1 piece | For 20×20×20 mm³ Beamsplitter
[Smartphone Holder](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Cellphonemount/STL/30_Smartphone_Holder.stl)  |  1 piece
[Dichroic Beamsplitter](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Dichroic_Beamsplitter_v2/STL/20_Cube_Insert_Beamsplittercube_Base.stl)  |  1 piece | For one dichroic (rectagular) and up to 3 other (1 inch) filters
[Dichroic Beamsplitter - retainplate](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Dichroic_Beamsplitter_v2/STL/20_Cube_Insert_Beamsplittercube_Dichroicmirror_Retainplate.stl)  |  1 piece
[Dichroic Beamsplitter - retainring](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Dichroic_Beamsplitter_v2/STL/20_Cube_Insert_Beamsplittercube_Retainring_25mm.stl)  |  1-3 pieces | Depending on the filter used
[Eyepiece/flashlight mount ](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Eyepiece_v2\STL\20_Cube_Insert_Holder-okular_v2.stl)  |  1-2 pieces | Diameter fits for the listed eyepiece
[Laser Holder](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Laser_v2/STL/20_Cube_Insert_Laser_Mount.stl) |  2 pieces
[Laser Switch](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Laser_v2/STL/00_Laser_Clamp_OnOffSwitch.stl) |  1 piece
[LED array mount](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_LED_Matrix_v2/STL/30_Cube_LED_Array_v0.stl) |  1 piece
[LED (star) Holder](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_LED_v2/STL/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_LED_20_Cube_insert_LED_holder.stl)  |  1 piece
[Lens Holder](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Lens_v2/STL/20_Cube_Insert_Objective_Holder.stl)  |  4-5 pieces | Diameter fits for the listed lenses
[Cylindrical Lens Holder](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Lens_CYLINDRICAL_v2/STL/20_Cube_Insert_Lens_Cylindrical.stl)  |  1 piece | Size and shape fits for the listed cylindrical lens
[Mirror Holder 45° 30×30mm²](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Mirror_45_v2/STL/20_Cube_Insert_Mirror_Holder_30x30Mirror_v2.stl)  |  2 pieces
[Mirror Holder 45° 1 inch](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Mirror_45_v2/STL/20_Cube_Insert_Mirror_Holder_v2.stl)  |  2 pieces
[Mirror Kinematic 45°](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Mirror_Kinematic_45_v2/STL/20_Cube_Insert_Kinematic_Mirrormount_45_base.stl)  |  1 piece
[Mirror Kinematic Perpendicular](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Mirror_Kinematic_v2/STL/20_Cube_Insert_Kinematic_Mirrormount_base.stl)  |  1 piece
[Raspi Camera Holder](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_RaspiCam_v2/STL/20_Cube_Insert_RaspiCam.stl)  |  1 piece
[Sample Stage](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_S-STAGE_v2/STL/30_Z_Translator_Lightsheet_v4.stl) |  1 piece
[Sample Chamber](../../CAD/) |  1 piece
[Generic Sample Holder](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Sample_Holder_v2/STL/20_Cube_insert_Sample_holder.stl)  |  1 piece
[Generic Sample Holder Clamp](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Sample_Holder_v2/STL/20_Cube_Insert_Sample_clamp.stl)  |  1 piece
[Generic Sample Holder - Comb Structure](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Sample_Holder_v2/STL/20_Cube_sampleholder.stl)  |  1 piece
[Z-Stage Focusing Insert](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Z-STAGE_v2/STL/20_focus_inlet_triangle_spiral_v6_5.stl)  |  1 piece
[Z-Stage Coupling Screw M4](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Z-STAGE_v2/STL/30_Coupling_Screw_28BYJ_M4.stl) |  1 piece
[Z-Stage Adapterplate](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Z-STAGE_v2/STL/30_Z_Stage_Adapterplate_11.stl)  |  1 piece
[Z-Stage Fluomodule](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Z-STAGE_v2/STL/30_Z_Stage_Fluomodule_12.stl)  |  1 piece
[Z-Stage Microscope Slide Clamp](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Z-STAGE_v2/STL/40_XY_Stage_Clamp_Slide_9.stl)  |  1 piece
[Z-Stage Fixing Ring](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Z-STAGE_v2/STL/30_focus_inlet_triangle_spiral_fixingring.stl)  |  1 piece
[Z-Stage Coupling Screw M4](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Z-STAGE_v2/STL/30_Coupling_Screw_28BYJ_M4.stl) |  1 piece | Depending on screw used in the stages, you might need only two M3 or two M4 coupling screws
[Sample Stage Coupling Screw M3](../../CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_S-STAGE_v2/STL/30_Coupling_Screw_28BYJ_M3.stl)  |  1 piece | Depending on screw used in the stages, you might need only two M3 or two M4 coupling screws
