CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Mirror_45_v2/Readme.md, before:

# Mirror Holder Cube
This is the repository for the Adjustable Mirror Holder Cube.

The stl-files can be found in the folder [STL](./STL).

## Purpose
It adapts a 30×30 mm ² fold-mirror to the UC2 system. Alternatively, we also have a design for a 1-inch mirror holder.
Old Image:
<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/Assembly_Cube_Mirror_Tilt.png" width="300">
</p>

Due to limited space, we need to fold the beam using a mirror. This is done by reflecting the incoming light under an angle of 45°. It follows in a change of the optical axis by 90°

### Properties
* design is derived from the base-cube
* the adapter holds a 30×30 mm ² toy-mirror or a 1 inch circular mirror (e.g. Thorlabs part) at 45 degrees in a UC2 base cube
* the here used mirror has the following parameters:
	* Diameter: 25,4mm
	* Reflectance
	* Surface Flatness: (Peak to Valley) λ/10 @ 633 nm
	* Substrate Fused: Silica
	* Thickness: 6.0 mm (0.24")

## Parts

### <img src="../IMAGES/P.png" height="40"> 3D printing parts
* No support needed in all designs
* Carefully remove all support structures (if applicable)

The Cube consists of the following components.

* **The Lid** where the Arduino + Electronics finds its place ([LID](./STL/10_Lid_1x1_v2.stl))
* **The Cube** which will be screwed to the Lid. Here all the functions (i.e. Mirrors, LED's etc.) find their place ([BASE](./STL/10_Cube_1x1_v2.stl))
* **The Mirror Insert** which holds a 1-inch Mirror from Thorlabs ([INSERT](./STL/20_Cube_Insert_Mirror_Holder_30x30Mirror_v2.stl)) or a 30x30mm Mirror from Amazon ([INSERT](./STL/20_Cube_Insert_Mirror_Holder_v2.stl)) and adapts it to the base cube

### <img src="./IMAGES/B.png" height="40"> Additional parts
* Check out the [RESOURCES](../../TUTORIALS/RESOURCES) for more information!
* 8× DIN912 M3×12 screws (galvanized steel) [🢂](https://eshop.wuerth.de/Zylinderschraube-mit-Innensechskant-SHR-ZYL-ISO4762-88-IS25-A2K-M3X12/00843%20%2012.sku/de/DE/EUR/)
* 1× Thorlabs PF10-03-P01 - Protected Silver Mirror [🢂](https://www.thorlabs.com/newgrouppage9.cfm?objectgroup_id=903)
* or 1× 30×30 Mirror from Amazon [🢂](https://www.amazon.de/Rayher-14548606-Spiegelmosaik-selbstklebend-SB-Btl/dp/B008KJ8438/ref=pd_bxgy_201_img_3/258-8761405-4543762?_encoding=UTF8&pd_rd_i=B008KJ8438&pd_rd_r=80fd534c-997b-4a19-b91a-9bf38dbf4ade&pd_rd_w=4DEXV&pd_rd_wg=7SLRE&pf_rd_p=98c98f04-e797-4e4b-a352-48f7266a41af&pf_rd_r=N95R9S45MNSYNQX2BAJE&psc=1&refRID=N95R9S45MNSYNQX2BAJE)


## <img src="./IMAGES/A.png" height="40"> Assembly
* Add the mirror to the Insert
* Add the insert to the Cube
* Add the screws to the Cube
* Done!

### Assembly Video Tutorial
[![UC2 YouSeeToo - How to assemble the Mirror Cube?](./IMAGES/UC2-Assembly_Cube_Mirror_45.png)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IG7ws6ZtL6E)


### Tutorial with images (30×30 mm² mirror)

1. All parts for this model
<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/CUBE_MIRRORMOUNT_45_0.jpg" width="300">
</p>

2. Stick the mirror to the insert.
<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/CUBE_MIRRORMOUNT_45_1.jpg" width="300">
</p>

3. Put the insert inside the cube and close the lid using the screws.
<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/CUBE_MIRRORMOUNT_45_2.jpg" width="300">
</p>

4. Add screws to the other side of the cube - Done!

## Safety
Don't touch the mirror surface!

Commit message:

Fixed many broken links
Added INVENTOR folder to the CAD\ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Mirror_45_v2 with original design files and linked it in the respective readme - all the folders in CAD should have this soon
Updated some resources

CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Mirror_45_v2/Readme.md, after:

# Mirror Holder Cube
This is the repository for the Adjustable Mirror Holder Cube.

The stl-files can be found in the folder [STL](./STL).

## Purpose
It adapts a 30×30 mm ² fold-mirror to the UC2 system. Alternatively, we also have a design for a 1-inch mirror holder.
Old Image:
<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/Assembly_Cube_Mirror_Tilt.png" width="300">
</p>

Due to limited space, we need to fold the beam using a mirror. This is done by reflecting the incoming light under an angle of 45°. It follows in a change of the optical axis by 90°

### Properties
* design is derived from the base-cube
* the adapter holds a 30×30 mm ² toy-mirror or a 1 inch circular mirror (e.g. Thorlabs part) at 45 degrees in a UC2 base cube
* the here used mirror has the following parameters:
	* Diameter: 25,4mm
	* Reflectance
	* Surface Flatness: (Peak to Valley) λ/10 @ 633 nm
	* Substrate Fused: Silica
	* Thickness: 6.0 mm (0.24")

## Design
The original design files are in the [INVENTOR](./INVENTOR) folder. These files were generated using Autodesk Inventor 2019 Student Version.

To start working on it, you have to do the following steps:
1. Download the `ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Mirror_45_v2.zip` and untip it
1. Open Inventor and import existing project
1. Select filename `ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Mirror_45_v2.ipj`
1. Then open the assembly `ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Mirror_45_v2.iam` in Inventor
1. Now you can modify the parts
1. If you have a cool impovement for this part, please let us know! ([CONTRIBUTING](../../CONTRIBUTING.MD))

## Parts

### <img src="../IMAGES/P.png" height="40"> 3D printing parts
* No support needed in all designs
* Carefully remove all support structures (if applicable)

The Cube consists of the following components.

* **The Lid** where the Arduino + Electronics finds its place ([LID](./STL/10_Lid_1x1_v2.stl))
* **The Cube** which will be screwed to the Lid. Here all the functions (i.e. Mirrors, LED's etc.) find their place ([BASE](./STL/10_Cube_1x1_v2.stl))
* **The Mirror Insert** which holds a 1-inch Mirror from Thorlabs ([INSERT](./STL/20_Cube_Insert_Mirror_Holder_30x30Mirror_v2.stl)) or a 30x30mm Mirror from Amazon ([INSERT](./STL/20_Cube_Insert_Mirror_Holder_v2.stl)) and adapts it to the base cube

### <img src="./IMAGES/B.png" height="40"> Additional parts
* Check out the [RESOURCES](../../TUTORIALS/RESOURCES) for more information!
* 8× DIN912 M3×12 screws (galvanized steel) [🢂](https://eshop.wuerth.de/Zylinderschraube-mit-Innensechskant-SHR-ZYL-ISO4762-88-IS25-A2K-M3X12/00843%20%2012.sku/de/DE/EUR/)
* 1× Thorlabs PF10-03-P01 - Protected Silver Mirror [🢂](https://www.thorlabs.com/newgrouppage9.cfm?objectgroup_id=903)
* or 1× 30×30 Mirror from Amazon [🢂](https://www.amazon.de/Rayher-14548606-Spiegelmosaik-selbstklebend-SB-Btl/dp/B008KJ8438/ref=pd_bxgy_201_img_3/258-8761405-4543762?_encoding=UTF8&pd_rd_i=B008KJ8438&pd_rd_r=80fd534c-997b-4a19-b91a-9bf38dbf4ade&pd_rd_w=4DEXV&pd_rd_wg=7SLRE&pf_rd_p=98c98f04-e797-4e4b-a352-48f7266a41af&pf_rd_r=N95R9S45MNSYNQX2BAJE&psc=1&refRID=N95R9S45MNSYNQX2BAJE)


## <img src="./IMAGES/A.png" height="40"> Assembly
* Add the mirror to the Insert
* Add the insert to the Cube
* Add the screws to the Cube
* Done!

### Assembly Video Tutorial
[![UC2 YouSeeToo - How to assemble the Mirror Cube?](./IMAGES/UC2-Assembly_Cube_Mirror_45.png)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IG7ws6ZtL6E)


### Tutorial with images (30×30 mm² mirror)

1. All parts for this model
<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/CUBE_MIRRORMOUNT_45_0.jpg" width="300">
</p>

2. Stick the mirror to the insert.
<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/CUBE_MIRRORMOUNT_45_1.jpg" width="300">
</p>

3. Put the insert inside the cube and close the lid using the screws.
<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/CUBE_MIRRORMOUNT_45_2.jpg" width="300">
</p>

4. Add screws to the other side of the cube - Done!

## Safety
Don't touch the mirror surface!
