ELECTRONICS/Z-Stage/Readme.md, before:

# Code for the XY-STAGE

The electronics part of this project is quiete simple. We only need two motors which drive the Z-stages for the microscope objective lens and the sample stage. We rely on the well-known 28BYJ-48 Stepper motor which operates at 5V and has up to 4096 steps per revolution. It comes with a motor driver ([TI ULN2003](http://www.ti.com/lit/ds/symlink/uln2003a.pdf)) which converts a 4-wire input signal into the 5-wire output signal necessary for the bipolar stepper motor. Further resources can be found [here](http://www.hobby-werkstatt-blog.de/arduino/357-schrittmotor-28byj48-am-arduino.php).

In order to let the motor spin in both directions with different speed, we need to generate a signal which has a specific order of high/low pulses for each channel. Therefore we use a microcontroller (ESP32 DEV) which can conveniently be programmed in the Arduino IDE (see programming section).


## Wiring
The wiring of the electronic setup is fairly simple. We just need to connect each input-channel of the motor-controller board to an output of the ESP microcontroller. Additionally we need to connect the power of both  controllers (i.e. +5V, GND). In general we could use any of the output-pins of the ESP32, but here we use the following:


```
Motor 1 = 13,12,14,27
Motor 2 = 26,25,23,32
```

They connect to the IN1, IN2, IN3, IN4 of the motor controller as indicated below:

![xypins](./IMAGES/Z_Stage_ESP_v0_Schaltplan.png)

## Soldering

The process of connecting the motors to the ESP is again a relatively easy job. One only need to solder a set of wires from the output-pins of the ESP to the input pins of the ULN2003 motor controller. Therefore one should follow these steps:

* Taking 10 wires and cut them to around 100 mm
* Remove the isolation of each wire at both sides
* Add some lead to both sides using the solder iron
* Solder the wires to the electronic parts

If everything went correct, the entire circuit should look like the lower photograph.

Step 1: Remove the isolation of the wires
![xypins](./IMAGES/UC2_Soldering_stage_1.jpg)

Step 2: Add some lead to the tips of the short wires and solder them to both sides of the ESP and ULN2003.
![xypins](./IMAGES/UC2_Soldering_stage_2.jpg)

Stept 3: Finish the setup using and flash the example program to the ESP so that both motors move back-and-forth
![xypins](./IMAGES/UC2_Soldering_stage_3.jpg)



## Code
The code can also be found in the folder [code](./CODE).

The code need to flashed using the Arduino IDE using the ESP32 library. Further information can be found in this handy tutorial for integrating the ESP in the Arduino environment: [Arduino ESP Tutorial](https://randomnerdtutorials.com/getting-started-with-esp32/)

## SAFETY
Make sure you're releasing the Motor after usage, otherwise it can get quiet hot!

Commit message:

Main: TUTORIALS
Tutorials: lens, telescopes, simple smartphone microscope, LED array
Resources: step-by-step
All relevant images should be v2 now

ELECTRONICS/Z-Stage/Readme.md, after:

# Z-STAGE and Sample-STAGE (ESP32; MQTT)

Z-stage and Sample stage are the very same in terms of electronics - you just mount the motors on different 3Dprinted parts.

The electronics part of this project is quite simple. We only need a motor which drives the mount of the microscope objective lens (for Z-stage) and the sample stage. We rely on the well-known 28BYJ-48 Stepper motor which operates at 5V and has up to 4096 steps per revolution. It comes with a motor driver ([TI ULN2003](http://www.ti.com/lit/ds/symlink/uln2003a.pdf)) which converts a 4-wire input signal into the 5-wire output signal necessary for the bipolar stepper motor. Further resources can be found [here](http://www.hobby-werkstatt-blog.de/arduino/357-schrittmotor-28byj48-am-arduino.php).

In order to let the motor spin in both directions with different speed, we need to generate a signal which has a specific order of high/low pulses for each channel. Therefore we use a microcontroller (ESP32 DEV) which can conveniently be programmed in the Arduino IDE (see software section).

## Wiring
We need to connect each input-channel of the motor-controller board to an output of the ESP microcontroller. Additionally, we need to connect the power of both  controllers (+/- to +5V/GND respectively). In general we could use any of the output pins of the ESP32, but we typically use the following:


```
Motor  = 25, 26, 27, 14
```

They connect to the IN1, IN2, IN3, IN4 of the motor controller respectively, as indicated below:

<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/Z_Stage_ESP_v0_Schaltplan.png" width=500>
<br> THIS SCHEME NEEDS AN UPDATE!!!
</p>

## Soldering

Have a look in the [TUTORIALS](../TUTORIALS) for some soldering guidelines, if you're not professional in it. Then follow these steps:

* Take 10 wires and cut them to around 100 mm
* Remove the isolation of each wire at both sides
* Add some lead to both sides using the solder iron
* Solder the wires to the electronic parts


    The images in this section need an update!

If everything went correct, the entire circuit should look like the lower photograph.

1. Remove the isolation of the wires
![xypins](./IMAGES/UC2_Soldering_stage_1.jpg)

1. Add some lead to the tips of the short wires and solder them to both sides of the ESP and ULN2003.
![xypins](./IMAGES/UC2_Soldering_stage_2.jpg)

1. Finish the setup using and flash the example program to the ESP so that both motors move back-and-forth
![xypins](./IMAGES/UC2_Soldering_stage_3.jpg)


## <img src="./IMAGES/W.png" width=40>Code
The code can be found in the [Software GIT](https://github.com/bionanoimaging/UC2-Software-GIT).

The code needs to flashed using the Arduino IDE with the ESP32 library. Further information can be found in [TUTORIALS](../../TUTORIALS)

## <img src="./IMAGES/Y.png" width=40>Safety
Make sure to release the motor when not using in, otherwise it can get quiet hot!
