TUTORIALS/RESOURCES/Readme.md, before:

# Resources
Here you find our shopping lists ;-)  
We try to keep this section up to date, but it's a lot of components from many different vendors. If you find better source of a component or if any of the provided links doesn't work anymore, please let us know.

If you got here from the [TUTORIALS](../) section, have a look at the [Resources step-by-step](Resources_step_by_step.md)

Please have a look into the separate .md files for further information - they are organized by topic.

We compiled some lists with available low-cost components (e.g. lenses, filters, etc.) to make the setup affordable.
You can find them here:

1. [Resources: Optics, Objective lenses, Filters](Resources_Optics.md)
1. [Resources: Light Sources, Lasers](Resources_Lightsources.md)
1. [Resources: Electronic Parts, Controllers](Resources_Electronics.md)
1. [Resources: Electromechanics, Motors](Resources_Mechanics.md)
1. [Resources: Samples](Resources_Samples.md)
1. 3D printing material - choose the material that works with your printer, but rather don't go for the cheapest, it does make a difference in the quality!

All the parts are from typical distributors like Amazon, Alibaba, Ebay, etc. to provide an easy-to-build solution not relying on special components. We also have an alternative source in Germany for most of the parts, but they're typically more expensive. The project is heavily benefiting from the wide variety and availability of components brought up by the open-source community.

This [GoogleDrive Spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1U1MndGKRCs0LKE5W8VGreCv9DJbQVQv7O6kgLlB6ZmE/edit?usp=sharing) is an always up-to-date version of the list. It is our "work-in-progress" list though and it might be difficult to find your way through it

### A list of links
Here you'll find a growing list of other projects, tutorials and inspirations:

* [Link List](./Resources_Knowledge.md)

### Bill of Materials
An example table with all components necessary for certain UC2 setup can be found here:

* [IncuScope - Bill of Materials](../../APPLICATIONS/APP_Incubator_Microscope)
* ["TheBOX" (FullBOX) - Comprehensive List of all components + assemblies + Bill of Materials](../../TheBOX/FullBOX)
* [SimpleBOX](../../TheBOX/SimpleBOX/BUILD_ME) and [CourseBOX](../../TheBOX/CourseBOX/BUILD_ME) aso come with their respective bills of materials

Commit message:

Main: New BOM
Complete overview of setups and modules, including prices, added to the google spreadsheet and linked to main readme, Resources, Sitemap
Added Results headline to each pplication
Fixed some mistakes in list of additional parts

TUTORIALS/RESOURCES/Readme.md, after:

# Resources
Here you find our shopping lists ;-)  
We try to keep this section up to date, but it's a lot of components from many different vendors. If you find better source of a component or if any of the provided links doesn't work anymore, please let us know.

If you got here from the [TUTORIALS](../) section, have a look at the [Resources step-by-step](Resources_step_by_step.md)

Please have a look into the separate .md files for further information - they are organized by topic.

We compiled some lists with available low-cost components (e.g. lenses, filters, etc.) to make the setup affordable.
You can find them here:

1. [Resources: Optics, Objective lenses, Filters](Resources_Optics.md)
1. [Resources: Light Sources, Lasers](Resources_Lightsources.md)
1. [Resources: Electronic Parts, Controllers](Resources_Electronics.md)
1. [Resources: Electromechanics, Motors](Resources_Mechanics.md)
1. [Resources: Samples](Resources_Samples.md)
1. 3D printing material - choose the material that works with your printer, but rather don't go for the cheapest, it does make a difference in the quality!

All the parts are from typical distributors like Amazon, Alibaba, Ebay, etc. to provide an easy-to-build solution not relying on special components. We also have an alternative source in Germany for most of the parts, but they're typically more expensive. The project is heavily benefiting from the wide variety and availability of components brought up by the open-source community.

#### Complete overview of setups, modules, parts to buy and parts to print
This [GoogleDrive Spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1U1MndGKRCs0LKE5W8VGreCv9DJbQVQv7O6kgLlB6ZmE/edit?usp=sharing) is an always up-to-date version of the list. The first sheet gives you a list of all modules with their respective shopping'n'printing lists. you also find there how many of each modules are needed for all the setups and BOXes. There are also price estimates for each module and setup.  
The other sheets are just older versions of a similar list.

### A list of links
Here you'll find a growing list of other projects, tutorials and inspirations:

* [Link List](./Resources_Knowledge.md)

### Bill of Materials
An example table with all components necessary for certain UC2 setup can be found here:

* [IncuScope - Bill of Materials](../../APPLICATIONS/APP_Incubator_Microscope)
* ["TheBOX" (FullBOX) - Comprehensive List of all components + assemblies + Bill of Materials](../../TheBOX/FullBOX)
* [SimpleBOX](../../TheBOX/SimpleBOX/BUILD_ME) and [CourseBOX](../../TheBOX/CourseBOX/BUILD_ME) aso come with their respective bills of materials
