TUTORIALS/RESOURCES/Resources_Mechanics.md, before:

## Resources: Motors, Mechanics and Tools

We cannot guarantee the availability of the components. If you know other components, please let us know by filing an issue. Thank you :-)

### Motors
|  Name | Properties  |  Price | Link  | Tested |
|---|---|---|---|---|
|  28YBJ-48 | DC 5V 4 Phase 5 Wire Stepper Motor With ULN2003 Driver Board | 5€  | [Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/28YBJ-48-Stepper-ULN2003-Driver-Board/dp/B00XDTFW1M)  | Yes |
28BYJ-48 | DC 5V 4 Phase 5 Wire Stepper Motor With ULN2003 Driver Board | 6€ | [reichelt.de](https://www.reichelt.de/entwicklerboards-schrittmotor-inkl-steuerung-uln2003-debo-moto1-p192146.html) | Yes
|  XY Stage| Micro stepping motor cross platform| 4 €  | [Aliexpress](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/Micro-stepping-motor-cross-platform-small-mobile-digital-microscope-XY-axis-table-experiment-two-slide/32790147861.html)  | Yes |
Z-Focus |stepper motor micro electromagnet DIY motor driver board |3€ |[Aliexpress](https://www.aliexpress.com/i/32788292171.html?spm=a2g0x.12057483.1000001.8.2bc850e3EY8AkQ)| No


### Magnets
|  Name | Properties  |  Price | Link  | Tested |
|---|---|---|---|---|
|  Ball Magnets | 5mm, Neodym, 100 | 15€  | [Amazon](https://www.amazon.de/COFCO-125-Neodym-Kugelmagnete-5-mm/dp/B076QGPRFF/ref=sr_1_cc_5?s=aps&ie=UTF8&qid=1542899825&sr=1-5-catcorr&keywords=kugelmagnet+5mm) | Yes
|  Ball Magnets | 5mm, Neodym, 100 | 12€  | [Amazon](https://www.amazon.de/dp/B075V2G73J/?coliid=I1XQI10QI7YDJG&colid=2GSTXQZE5T6TK&psc=1&ref_=lv_vv_lig_dp_it) | No
|  Ball Magnets | 5mm, Neodym, price per piece | 0,29-0,47€  | [magnetmax.de](https://www.magnetmax.de/Neodym-Kugelmagnete/Magnetkugel-Kugelmagnet-O-5-0-mm-Neodym-vernickelt-N40-haelt-400-g::158.html) | Yes
|  Ball Magnets | 5mm, Neodym, 216 pieces | 20€ | ebay.de/itm/216-Neodym-Kugelmagnete-D5mm-D7mm-D10mm-GOLD-SILVER-BLACK-NICKEL-NdFeB/372719170845?hash=item56c7cb351d:m:mj8zDp5AN1PxzUDiyJu1Rsg | Yes
|  Ball Magnets | 5mm, Neodym, price per piece | 0,36€  | [magnetladen.de](https://www.magnetladen.de/kugelmagnet-5-mm-n42-nickel/) | Yes


### Screws
**IMPORTANT: Not all screws are magnetic!**  
It is very important to buy the right screws - the M3 screws need to attach to the magnets and therefore it is crucial that they are magnetic. STAINLESS STEEL IS GENERALLY NOT A MAGNETIC MATERIAL. THE SCREWS HAVE TO BE MADE OF GALVANIZED STEEL. If you want to know more about why not all steel is magnetic you can read about it [here](https://monnigindustry.com/2020/12/23/is-galvanized-steel-magnetic-why-or-why-not/). Unfortunately, the DIN 912 / ISO 4762 screws that we propose can be made of both and you can frequently find both at the same vendor.    
The take-home message is: **The M3 screws have be made of galvanized steel and never stainless steel!**

|  Name | Properties  |  Price | Link  | Tested |
|---|---|---|---|---|
|  Din 912 Cylindrical | M3×8, magnetic (!), 500 pieces | 15€  | [Amazon](https://www.amazon.de/dp/B018MP15LM/ref=pe_3044161_185740101_TE_item) | Yes
|  Din 912 Cylindrical | M3×12, magnetic (!), 500 pieces | 15€  | [Amazon](https://www.amazon.de/-/en/500-12-9-ALLEN-Cylinder-Head-Screws-12-Steel/dp/B071JJ5MFW/ref=sr_1_17?dchild=1&keywords=500+st%C3%BCck+inbus+zylinderschrauben+din+912+10.9+verzinkt+m3&qid=1611568060&s=diy&sr=1-17) | Yes
Din 912 Cylindrical | M3×8, magnetic (!), 500 pieces | 15€  | [Würth](https://eshop.wuerth.de/Zylinderschraube-mit-Innensechskant-SHR-ZYL-ISO4762-88-IS25-A2K-M3X8/00843%20%208.sku/de/DE/EUR/) | Yes
Din 912 Cylindrical | M3×12, magnetic (!), 500 pieces | 15€  | [Würth](https://eshop.wuerth.de/Zylinderschraube-mit-Innensechskant-SHR-ZYL-ISO4762-88-IS25-A2K-M3X12/00843%20%2012.sku/de/DE/EUR/) | Yes
Din 912 Cylindrical | M3×18, magnetic (!), 500 pieces | 15€  | [Würth](https://eshop.wuerth.de/Zylinderschraube-mit-Innensechskant-SHR-ZYL-ISO4762-88-IS25-A2K-M3X18/00843%20%2018.sku/de/DE/EUR/) | Yes
M2/M3/M4 Kit | Stainless Steel - non-magnetic! Screws, Nuts, Bolts and Washers | 32€ | [Amazon](https://www.amazon.de/Edelstahl-Sechskopf-Knopf-Schrauben-Unterlegscheiben-Sortiment-Aufbewahrung/dp/B073SS7D8J/ref=sr_1_fkmr0_1?__mk_de_DE=%C3%85M%C3%85%C5%BD%C3%95%C3%91&keywords=zylinderkopfschrauben+set+galvanisiert&qid=1565007371&s=diy&sr=1-1-fkmr0) | Yes
Hexagon socket set screw with truncated cone | M3×25, 500 pieces  | 15€ | [Würth](https://eshop.wuerth.de/Gewindestift-Innensechskant-und-Kegelstumpf-STI-STMPF-ISO4026-45H-IS15-A2K-M3X25/025503%2025.sku/WuerthGroup-Wuerth.cgid/de/DE/EUR/?VisibleSearchTerm=STI-STMPF-ISO4026-45H-IS1%2C5-%28A2K%29-M3X25&CampaignName=SR001) | Yes
Worm screws | M3×5, magnetic, 500 pieces | 15€ | [Würth](https://eshop.wuerth.de/Gewindestift-Innensechskant-und-Kegelstumpf-STI-STMPF-ISO4026-45H-IS15-A2K-M3X5/025503%205.sku/de/DE/EUR/&SelectedFilterAttribut=%255B%257B%2522name%2522%253A%2522ATThreadTypeXNominalDiameter%2522%252C%2522value%2522%253A%255B%2522M3%2522%255D%252C%2522title%2522%253A%2522Gewindeart%2520x%2520Nenndurchmesser%2522%257D%252C%257B%2522name%2522%253A%2522ATLength%2522%252C%2522value%2522%253A%255B%25225%2520mm%2522%255D%252C%2522title%2522%253A%2522L%25C3%25A4nge%2522%257D%252C%257B%2522name%2522%253A%2522ATMaterialType%2522%252C%2522value%2522%253A%255B%2522Stahl%2522%255D%252C%2522title%2522%253A%2522Werkstoff%2522%257D%255D) | Yes
Din 912 Cylindrical | M3×8, magnetic (!), 50 pieces | 14€  | [Amazon](https://www.amazon.de/dp/B07NNSP4B5/?coliid=I1AM9O1YBO0H5Y&colid=2GSTXQZE5T6TK&psc=1&ref_=lv_vv_lig_dp_it) | No
Din 912 Cylindrical | M3×12, magnetic (!), 50 pieces | 14€  | [Amazon](https://www.amazon.de/dp/B07NP4MH15/?coliid=I2ZC4GD0H4MJN7&colid=2GSTXQZE5T6TK&ref_=lv_vv_lig_dp_it&th=1) | No
M3 nut | 100 pieces | 7€ | [Amazon](https://www.amazon.de/dp/B07FCNY726/?coliid=I36E95CHIM96IH&colid=2GSTXQZE5T6TK&psc=1&ref_=lv_vv_lig_dp_it) | No
M3×30 screw | Stainless Steel - non-magnetic! 10 pieces | 3€ | [Amazon](https://www.amazon.de/Zylinderschrauben-mit-Innensechskant-Vollgewinde-Zylinderkopfschrauben/dp/B01H9HGE4W/ref=pd_bxgy_2/261-1216229-5549766?_encoding=UTF8&pd_rd_i=B01H9HDA08&pd_rd_r=12351375-a08b-4f22-a804-5563250ddd43&pd_rd_w=LfKZk&pd_rd_wg=pTMVD&pf_rd_p=4490d326-3239-499b-8c8a-0dd8d6ad582a&pf_rd_r=TGFT2SCVQZBW7653EM5T&refRID=TGFT2SCVQZBW7653EM5T&th=1) | No
M5×8 set screw | Galvanized steel, hexagon socket, 500 pieces | 15€ | [Würth](https://eshop.wuerth.de/Produktkategorien/ISO-4026-Stahl-45H-verzinkt/14013511052004.cyid/1401.cgid/de/DE/EUR/?CatalogCategoryRef=14013511052004%40WuerthGroup-Wuerth-1401&SelectedFilterAttribut=%255B%257B%2522name%2522%253A%2522AT_ThreadTypeXNominalDiameter%2522%252C%2522value%2522%253A%255B%2522M5%2522%255D%252C%2522title%2522%253A%2522Gewindeart%2520x%2520Nenndurchmesser%2522%257D%252C%257B%2522name%2522%253A%2522AT_Length%2522%252C%2522value%2522%253A%255B%25228%2520mm%2522%255D%252C%2522title%2522%253A%2522L%25C3%25A4nge%2522%257D%255D) | Yes


### Tools
|  Name | Properties  |  Price | Link  | Tested |
|---|---|---|---|---|
Bosch 603.9A8.006 IXO V Basic 3.6 | Carton Cordless Screwdriver, 100 W, 3.6 V | 45€ | [Amazon](https://www.amazon.de/Bosch-603-9A8-006-Basic-Carton-Akkuschrauber/dp/B01N43TJ8K/ref=sr_1_fkmrnull_1?__mk_de_DE=%C3%85M%C3%85%C5%BD%C3%95%C3%91&keywords=Bosch+603.9A8.006+IXO+V+Basic+3%2C6+Carton+Akkuschrauber%2C+100+W%2C+3.6+V&qid=1555592159&s=gateway&sr=8-1-fkmrnull) | Yes
Box for FullBOX | 395 x 295 x 106 mm | 13€ | [online-werkzeughandel.de](https://www.online-werkzeughandel.de/diverses/4/kunststoffkoffer-grau-b-395xh-295xt-106mm-m-schaumstoffeinlage-pp_12089_8276) | Yes

Commit message:

Adding M3 screws for US citizens

TUTORIALS/RESOURCES/Resources_Mechanics.md, after:

## Resources: Motors, Mechanics and Tools

We cannot guarantee the availability of the components. If you know other components, please let us know by filing an issue. Thank you :-)

### Motors
|  Name | Properties  |  Price | Link  | Tested |
|---|---|---|---|---|
|  28YBJ-48 | DC 5V 4 Phase 5 Wire Stepper Motor With ULN2003 Driver Board | 5€  | [Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/28YBJ-48-Stepper-ULN2003-Driver-Board/dp/B00XDTFW1M)  | Yes |
28BYJ-48 | DC 5V 4 Phase 5 Wire Stepper Motor With ULN2003 Driver Board | 6€ | [reichelt.de](https://www.reichelt.de/entwicklerboards-schrittmotor-inkl-steuerung-uln2003-debo-moto1-p192146.html) | Yes
|  XY Stage| Micro stepping motor cross platform| 4 €  | [Aliexpress](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/Micro-stepping-motor-cross-platform-small-mobile-digital-microscope-XY-axis-table-experiment-two-slide/32790147861.html)  | Yes |
Z-Focus |stepper motor micro electromagnet DIY motor driver board |3€ |[Aliexpress](https://www.aliexpress.com/i/32788292171.html?spm=a2g0x.12057483.1000001.8.2bc850e3EY8AkQ)| No


### Magnets
|  Name | Properties  |  Price | Link  | Tested |
|---|---|---|---|---|
|  Ball Magnets | 5mm, Neodym, 100 | 15€  | [Amazon](https://www.amazon.de/COFCO-125-Neodym-Kugelmagnete-5-mm/dp/B076QGPRFF/ref=sr_1_cc_5?s=aps&ie=UTF8&qid=1542899825&sr=1-5-catcorr&keywords=kugelmagnet+5mm) | Yes
|  Ball Magnets | 5mm, Neodym, 100 | 12€  | [Amazon](https://www.amazon.de/dp/B075V2G73J/?coliid=I1XQI10QI7YDJG&colid=2GSTXQZE5T6TK&psc=1&ref_=lv_vv_lig_dp_it) | No
|  Ball Magnets | 5mm, Neodym, price per piece | 0,29-0,47€  | [magnetmax.de](https://www.magnetmax.de/Neodym-Kugelmagnete/Magnetkugel-Kugelmagnet-O-5-0-mm-Neodym-vernickelt-N40-haelt-400-g::158.html) | Yes
|  Ball Magnets | 5mm, Neodym, 216 pieces | 20€ | ebay.de/itm/216-Neodym-Kugelmagnete-D5mm-D7mm-D10mm-GOLD-SILVER-BLACK-NICKEL-NdFeB/372719170845?hash=item56c7cb351d:m:mj8zDp5AN1PxzUDiyJu1Rsg | Yes
|  Ball Magnets | 5mm, Neodym, price per piece | 0,36€  | [magnetladen.de](https://www.magnetladen.de/kugelmagnet-5-mm-n42-nickel/) | Yes


### Screws
**IMPORTANT: Not all screws are magnetic!**  
It is very important to buy the right screws - the M3 screws need to attach to the magnets and therefore it is crucial that they are magnetic. STAINLESS STEEL IS GENERALLY NOT A MAGNETIC MATERIAL. THE SCREWS HAVE TO BE MADE OF GALVANIZED STEEL. If you want to know more about why not all steel is magnetic you can read about it [here](https://monnigindustry.com/2020/12/23/is-galvanized-steel-magnetic-why-or-why-not/). Unfortunately, the DIN 912 / ISO 4762 screws that we propose can be made of both and you can frequently find both at the same vendor.    
The take-home message is: **The M3 screws have be made of galvanized steel and never stainless steel!**

For people from the **US** you can purchase these "black" screws [see Discussions #83](https://github.com/openUC2/UC2-GIT/discussions/83).

|  Name | Properties  |  Price | Link  | Tested |
|---|---|---|---|---|
|  Din 912 Cylindrical | M3×8, magnetic (!), 500 pieces | 15€  | [Amazon](https://www.amazon.de/dp/B018MP15LM/ref=pe_3044161_185740101_TE_item) | Yes
|  Din 912 Cylindrical | M3×12, magnetic (!), 500 pieces | 15€  | [Amazon](https://www.amazon.de/-/en/500-12-9-ALLEN-Cylinder-Head-Screws-12-Steel/dp/B071JJ5MFW/ref=sr_1_17?dchild=1&keywords=500+st%C3%BCck+inbus+zylinderschrauben+din+912+10.9+verzinkt+m3&qid=1611568060&s=diy&sr=1-17) | Yes
Din 912 Cylindrical | M3×8, magnetic (!), 500 pieces | 15€  | [Würth](https://eshop.wuerth.de/Zylinderschraube-mit-Innensechskant-SHR-ZYL-ISO4762-88-IS25-A2K-M3X8/00843%20%208.sku/de/DE/EUR/) | Yes
Din 912 Cylindrical | M3×12, magnetic (!), 500 pieces | 15€  | [Würth](https://eshop.wuerth.de/Zylinderschraube-mit-Innensechskant-SHR-ZYL-ISO4762-88-IS25-A2K-M3X12/00843%20%2012.sku/de/DE/EUR/) | Yes
Din 912 Cylindrical | M3×18, magnetic (!), 500 pieces | 15€  | [Würth](https://eshop.wuerth.de/Zylinderschraube-mit-Innensechskant-SHR-ZYL-ISO4762-88-IS25-A2K-M3X18/00843%20%2018.sku/de/DE/EUR/) | Yes
M2/M3/M4 Kit | Stainless Steel - non-magnetic! Screws, Nuts, Bolts and Washers | 32€ | [Amazon](https://www.amazon.de/Edelstahl-Sechskopf-Knopf-Schrauben-Unterlegscheiben-Sortiment-Aufbewahrung/dp/B073SS7D8J/ref=sr_1_fkmr0_1?__mk_de_DE=%C3%85M%C3%85%C5%BD%C3%95%C3%91&keywords=zylinderkopfschrauben+set+galvanisiert&qid=1565007371&s=diy&sr=1-1-fkmr0) | Yes
Hexagon socket set screw with truncated cone | M3×25, 500 pieces  | 15€ | [Würth](https://eshop.wuerth.de/Gewindestift-Innensechskant-und-Kegelstumpf-STI-STMPF-ISO4026-45H-IS15-A2K-M3X25/025503%2025.sku/WuerthGroup-Wuerth.cgid/de/DE/EUR/?VisibleSearchTerm=STI-STMPF-ISO4026-45H-IS1%2C5-%28A2K%29-M3X25&CampaignName=SR001) | Yes
Worm screws | M3×5, magnetic, 500 pieces | 15€ | [Würth](https://eshop.wuerth.de/Gewindestift-Innensechskant-und-Kegelstumpf-STI-STMPF-ISO4026-45H-IS15-A2K-M3X5/025503%205.sku/de/DE/EUR/&SelectedFilterAttribut=%255B%257B%2522name%2522%253A%2522ATThreadTypeXNominalDiameter%2522%252C%2522value%2522%253A%255B%2522M3%2522%255D%252C%2522title%2522%253A%2522Gewindeart%2520x%2520Nenndurchmesser%2522%257D%252C%257B%2522name%2522%253A%2522ATLength%2522%252C%2522value%2522%253A%255B%25225%2520mm%2522%255D%252C%2522title%2522%253A%2522L%25C3%25A4nge%2522%257D%252C%257B%2522name%2522%253A%2522ATMaterialType%2522%252C%2522value%2522%253A%255B%2522Stahl%2522%255D%252C%2522title%2522%253A%2522Werkstoff%2522%257D%255D) | Yes
Din 912 Cylindrical | M3×8, magnetic (!), 50 pieces | 14€  | [Amazon](https://www.amazon.de/dp/B07NNSP4B5/?coliid=I1AM9O1YBO0H5Y&colid=2GSTXQZE5T6TK&psc=1&ref_=lv_vv_lig_dp_it) | No
Din 912 Cylindrical | M3×12, magnetic (!), 50 pieces | 14€  | [Amazon](https://www.amazon.de/dp/B07NP4MH15/?coliid=I2ZC4GD0H4MJN7&colid=2GSTXQZE5T6TK&ref_=lv_vv_lig_dp_it&th=1) | No
M3 nut | 100 pieces | 7€ | [Amazon](https://www.amazon.de/dp/B07FCNY726/?coliid=I36E95CHIM96IH&colid=2GSTXQZE5T6TK&psc=1&ref_=lv_vv_lig_dp_it) | No
M3×30 screw | Stainless Steel - non-magnetic! 10 pieces | 3€ | [Amazon](https://www.amazon.de/Zylinderschrauben-mit-Innensechskant-Vollgewinde-Zylinderkopfschrauben/dp/B01H9HGE4W/ref=pd_bxgy_2/261-1216229-5549766?_encoding=UTF8&pd_rd_i=B01H9HDA08&pd_rd_r=12351375-a08b-4f22-a804-5563250ddd43&pd_rd_w=LfKZk&pd_rd_wg=pTMVD&pf_rd_p=4490d326-3239-499b-8c8a-0dd8d6ad582a&pf_rd_r=TGFT2SCVQZBW7653EM5T&refRID=TGFT2SCVQZBW7653EM5T&th=1) | No
M5×8 set screw | Galvanized steel, hexagon socket, 500 pieces | 15€ | [Würth](https://eshop.wuerth.de/Produktkategorien/ISO-4026-Stahl-45H-verzinkt/14013511052004.cyid/1401.cgid/de/DE/EUR/?CatalogCategoryRef=14013511052004%40WuerthGroup-Wuerth-1401&SelectedFilterAttribut=%255B%257B%2522name%2522%253A%2522AT_ThreadTypeXNominalDiameter%2522%252C%2522value%2522%253A%255B%2522M5%2522%255D%252C%2522title%2522%253A%2522Gewindeart%2520x%2520Nenndurchmesser%2522%257D%252C%257B%2522name%2522%253A%2522AT_Length%2522%252C%2522value%2522%253A%255B%25228%2520mm%2522%255D%252C%2522title%2522%253A%2522L%25C3%25A4nge%2522%257D%255D) | Yes
Din 912 Cylindrical | M3×18, magnetic (!), 500 pieces | 15€  | [Amazon US](https://www.amazon.com/Socket-Screws-Bolts-Thread-100pcs/dp/B07CNFTK99/ref=sr_1_3?crid=RGIT53K9LFC8&keywords=100pcs%2BM3%2Bx%2B12mm%2B12.9&qid=1649551524&s=industrial&sprefix=100pcs%2Bm3%2Bx%2B12mm%2B12.9%2Cindustrial%2C109&sr=1-3&th=1

) | Yes

### Tools
|  Name | Properties  |  Price | Link  | Tested |
|---|---|---|---|---|
Bosch 603.9A8.006 IXO V Basic 3.6 | Carton Cordless Screwdriver, 100 W, 3.6 V | 45€ | [Amazon](https://www.amazon.de/Bosch-603-9A8-006-Basic-Carton-Akkuschrauber/dp/B01N43TJ8K/ref=sr_1_fkmrnull_1?__mk_de_DE=%C3%85M%C3%85%C5%BD%C3%95%C3%91&keywords=Bosch+603.9A8.006+IXO+V+Basic+3%2C6+Carton+Akkuschrauber%2C+100+W%2C+3.6+V&qid=1555592159&s=gateway&sr=8-1-fkmrnull) | Yes
Box for FullBOX | 395 x 295 x 106 mm | 13€ | [online-werkzeughandel.de](https://www.online-werkzeughandel.de/diverses/4/kunststoffkoffer-grau-b-395xh-295xt-106mm-m-schaumstoffeinlage-pp_12089_8276) | Yes
