CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Cellphonemount/Readme.md, before:

# Smartphone Holder
This is the repository for the design of the smartphone holder. The stl-files can be found in the folder [STL](./STL).



## Purpose
When using a smartphone for image acquisition, this part holds the phone in fixed distance from the eyepiece.
<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/Assembly_Cube_Smartphone_Holder.png" width="400">
</p>

## Properties
* design is derived from the Base Cube

## Parts

### <img src="./IMAGES/P.png" height="40"> 3D printing parts
Here we list the 3D printed components from the ./STL folder


The Part consists of the following components.

1. **The Lid** where the Arduino + Electronics finds its place ([LID](./STL/10_Lid_1x1_v2.stl))
2. **The Cube** which will be screwed to the Lid. Here all the functions (i.e. Mirrors, LED's etc.) find their place ([BASE](./STL/10_Cube_1x1_v2.stl))
3. **The Smartphone holder**, on which the phone will be placed ([SMARTPHONE](./STL/30_Smartphone_Holder.stl))

### <img src="./IMAGES/P.png" height="40"> Additional parts
* 4x DIN912 M3*12 screws (non stainless steel)

## Remarks and Tips

### 3D Printing
Settins for cura? Support? Temperture?

### Tricks
Anything which need to get mentioned here?

## <img src="./IMAGES/P.png" height="40"> Assembly
* Remove any support and clean the part
* Add the lid and fix it using a set of M3 screws
* Fix the holder on the side of the cube opposite to the lid using four M3 screws
* Done!

<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/DSC_1794.jpg"
width="800">
</p>

## Safety
Take care in case you're dealing with lasers!

Commit message:

Main: CAD folder brushed up
Added Eyeball cube
Added text to TheBOXes
Fixed many typos in CAD folders
Kinematic mirror do not need metal plates now
Sample holder for thicker slides
All baseplates have correct orientation for printing

CAD/ASSEMBLY_CUBE_Cellphonemount/Readme.md, after:

# Smartphone Holder
This is the repository for the design of the smartphone holder. The stl-files can be found in the folder [STL](./STL).

## Purpose
When using a smartphone for image acquisition, this part holds the phone in fixed distance from the eyepiece.
<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/Assembly_Cube_Smartphone_Holder.png" width="400">
</p>

### Properties
* design is derived from the Base Cube

## Parts

### <img src="../IMAGES/P.png" height="40"> 3D printing parts
* No support needed in all designs
* Carefully remove all support structures (if applicable)

The Cube consists of the following components.

1. **The Lid** where the Arduino + Electronics finds its place ([LID](./STL/10_Lid_1x1_v2.stl))
2. **The Cube** which will be screwed to the Lid. Here all the functions (i.e. Mirrors, LED's etc.) find their place ([BASE](./STL/10_Cube_1x1_v2.stl))
3. **The Smartphone holder**, on which the phone will be placed ([SMARTPHONE](./STL/30_Smartphone_Holder.stl))

### <img src="./IMAGES/P.png" height="40"> Additional parts
* 6× DIN912 M3×12 screws (galvanized steel) [🢂](https://eshop.wuerth.de/Zylinderschraube-mit-Innensechskant-SHR-ZYL-ISO4762-88-IS25-A2K-M3X12/00843%20%2012.sku/de/DE/EUR/)

## <img src="./IMAGES/P.png" height="40"> Assembly
* Remove any support and clean the part
* Add the lid and fix it using a set of M3 screws
* Fix the holder on the side of the cube opposite to the lid using four M3 screws
* Done!

<p align="center">
<img src="./IMAGES/DSC_1794.jpg"
width="800">
</p>
